"ima smash that sussy uwussy bussy" - Michal
"spela saekerhetssm" - mateusz
"I'm a lover not a fighter." - Woody Allen
"The truth is, some days you just aren't in the mood." - Stephen J. Cannell
"It's easier to be cynical than to be wrong." - Robert Brault
"There's always an explanation." - Garet Williams
"The important thing is not to stop questioning." -Albert Einstein
"He who has a why to live can bear with almost any how." -Plato
"If I wanted to make God laugh, I'd tell him about you." -W. Somerset Maugham
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong she is until she gets into hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"No man who has ever been in love can ever again be anything else but a lover." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"Every time I make up my mind to break the pattern, I find it wasn't what I thought it was." -Robert F. Kennedy
"I always do what I don't want to do. I do the opposite of what I want." -Albert Einstein
"We are all here on earth to help each other out. You never know when that may be necessary." -Dale Robertthorpe
"He who does not know how to think, is a slave to he who knows." - Soren Kierkegaard
"The mind must be educated from childhood into knowledge and then into skillfulness." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The greatest thing about death is, you die." - Frank Herbert
"Our lives are nothing but a succession of little deaths." - Charles Baudelaire
"The worst sin against the memory of our ancestors is not that we forget, but that we remember them too well." - Oscar Wilde
"If one advances confidently in the direction of danger, one is lost more than those who walk cautiously into the known are lost." - Henry David Thoreau
"All the worlds a stage and all the men and women merely players." - William Shakespeare
"A man is never more truthful than when he speaks by the book." - Henry David Thoreau
"The true measure of a man is how he treats someone weaker than him" -Voltaire
"Forgive your enemies, it's the politest thing you can do." -Oscar Wilde
"Never regret your mistakes. Only regret your chances." -Bill Murray
"No one understands another's joys or sorrows, and no one ever will." -Voltaire
"I hate books and never look at a newspaper. They contain no good stories; all are sad stories." -Michel de Montaigne
"The reason why people don't read is because books are difficult to read." -Oscar Wilde
"I like to have fun, but I like to have it on my own terms." -Abraham Lincoln
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the highest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We do not stop running because we grow old; we grow old because we have stopped running." - Henry David Thoreau
"If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen." - Anonymous
"The most important ingredient in a good joke is the listener." - Albert Einstein
"Those who know what they are doing are no more likely to make mistakes than are those who do not." - Mark Twain
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
"The true critic is he who has nothing to hide." - Leo Tolstoy
"There is nothing in the world more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." - Walter Van Tilburg Clark
"Don't worry about tomorrow, it will take care of itself." -Mother Teresa
"Some days you just get out of bed and you wonder what the hell happened, why are we here?" -Jim Carrey
"I'm sure that if your family wasn't so worried about money they would be worried about you." -The Dude
"It's not hard to be happy when you're not looking for it." -Franklin P. Jones
"The hardest part about getting older is you can't get younger. You just get older." -Kurt Cobain
"Some are rich because they have a lot of money and some are rich because they know how to spend it." -Aristotle Onassis
"It takes a man to make a woman" -Terry Pratchet
"The heart is a muscle the size of a fist the size of the universe" -Terry Pratchet
"The things in my pockets are: a phonecard, a library card, a subway card, a library card, my house keys, a can opener, and three dollars. What do you call someone who's got everything?" -Terry Pratchet
"I don't really believe in an afterlife, but when I die I'd like to get stuffed and put on public display at a museum." -Terry Pratchet
"I can't help being the way I am" -Lily Evans
"A good work of art gives life a meaning, the meaning makes life noble. We can feel that it was created by an infinitely superior being who cared for it, who has a place in his heart for it." -Oscar Wilde
"The love of man and the love of woman is as a two-edged sword." -William Blake
"My heart is a battlefield; it is always fighting against itself." -Robert Frost
"We make our own happiness, or its absence, from the way we think." -Helen Keller
"Nothing changes, until you change." -Jim Rohn
"One must have a vision of one's life and not a wish to be beautiful." -Voltaire
"I hate you. I really hate you" -Messias.
"We have met the enemy and it is ourselves" -Pierce Brosnan
"You know what they say, it's like a hole in the head; you can't just look at it and see it" -Shatner
"The difference between love and lust is that love can wait" -Unknown
"Sometimes you can love someone a lot and still be wrong about them" -Katharine Hepburn
"I have made a terrible mistake. Oh, God, I have made a terrible mistake! I have fallen in love with you" -James Bond.
"I will die with a smile on my face, and a beer in my hand" -Wolverine
"Love is only a fever, love is only a madness. The most common form of insanity" -Ernest Hemingway
"If you love something, set it free. If it comes back it's yours, if it doesn't you had it to start with" -Zorba the Greek
"I think that love, real love, is the recognition that one person can bring you something that no one else can" -Marilyn Monroe
"If you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there." -Lewis Carroll
"It is when we see behind the face of a friend that we most know them." -L. Frank Baum
"I don't know that I'll ever feel truly safe again." -A.S. King
"You can't have your cake and eat it, too." -A.A. Milne
"When a young man has to get a job, the first thing to do is to leave home." -M. Twain
"I never think about going to bed at night. It is only when I am getting up in the morning that I remember I am old." -M. Twain
"When you laugh, don't laugh too loud or too long or too hard. The person you are with may be trying to make a serious point." -M. Twain
"You can't be both. Choose." -James Bond
"A child is like a flower, it shouldn't be expected to stay alive if it cannot adapt to its environment." -Kermit the Frog
"No matter where you go, there you are." -Ringo Starr
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, the nightshade and love." -Oscar Wilde
"I am nothing if not an optimist. My only philosophy is this: live for the weekend. You only live once, I say." -Robin Williams
"You can't have a dog without barking. He wouldn't be a good friend." -Pete Seeger
"The good news about the future is that it's coming. The bad news is that it's almost here." -Bill Watterson
"I don't know any one without a hobby." - Mark Twain
"The only way to live longer is to live well." - John Wooden
"Life isn't measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." - William Shakespeare
"I could no more be quiet than an elephant could." - W.R. Inge
"If you want to be the best, practice everyday." - Wayne Dyer
"Every day is a new beginning. What you do today is what you do with the day that is given you." - Jim Rohn
"If you think education is expensive, try ignorance." - Mark Twain
"To get something done, tell the people who are going to do it that they're going to do it, and then do it yourself." - Philip Wylie
"The hardest thing for a man to do is to learn he has no talent." - Mark Twain
"Nothing succeeds like success." - Mark Twain
"The man who lives a moral life is the only man who ever votes at all." - Mark Twain
"Hate the sin, love the sinner." - Mark Twain
"The only way to live your life is to live it as if your name is John Galt." - Ayn Rand
"When they find you, they will look for ways to punish you, rather than find reasons to forgive you." - Ayn Rand
"A nation of sheep will beget a government of wolves." - Ayn Rand
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." - Philippians 4:13
"Nothing great was ever built by those who took no interest in the materials." - Henry D. Thoreau
"How difficult it is to know what is real and what is not real!" - Henry D. Thoreau
"One cannot live without faith." - Henry D. Thoreau
"When a man is tired of doing what is right he generally does what is wrong." - Henry D. Thoreau
"Be of good cheer; all will yet come well." - Henry D. Thoreau
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - LeBron James
"There is nothing more satisfying than being tired and knowing that you've made progress." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Do you know what a real man is, James? He's the guy that, when there's nothing to do, he comes up with something to do." - Mark Twain
"In order to succeed you need to take action, not just think about it." - Mark Victor Hansen
"You're stuck with what you've got and that's the way it's supposed to be. You make your own luck and that's what makes life worthwhile." - Paul Simon
"The measure of a man is not how much you know but what you refuse to know." - Richard Feyn
"If you are not a success, you're in the wrong job." - Henry Ford
"The two most important days in your life: the day you were born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"You can't have too much of a good thing." - Robert Brault
"You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you think you are beaten, you are. If you think you are conquered, you're just begun." - Winston Churchill
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Anonymous
"There is only one good reason for doing anything - to learn how to do it better." - Sir Peter Ustinov
"I have learned, there is no question which can withstand the test of reason." - Thomas Jefferson
"There are three ways to conquer and enslave a nation: war, war, war." - Otto von Bismarck
"Every person who is ignorant of Shakespeare is ignorant of something; what he is ignorant of may be defined as something." - Oscar Wilde
"To be ignorant of what happened the day before yesterday is to be ignorant of the history of the world." - Edmund Burke
"A man is never more truthful than when he is telling a lie." - Oscar Wilde
"All men can see things that are not there; they can only hear things that are not there." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"I hold it that a little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion." - Blaise Pascal
"The only way out of the labyrinth is through the labyrinth." - Jorge Luis Borg
"Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. I do not think much of a man who is not better." - C. S. Lewis
"To do anything nobly, we must have done something badly first." - Aristotle
"There are two methods of fighting: defense and offense. The first covers itself, the second protects itself." - Epictetus
"We have come into the world naked and we are going out of it the same way." - Thomas Jefferson
"The secret of liberty is freedom." - Ludwig von Mises
"He who sees a thing, already knows all that it contains." - Lao-Tsu
"The best revenge is to live well." - Benjamin Franklin
"There is always time to do what is right. Now is always right now." - Goethe
"The world needs more people who will not only do what is needed, but will do what is right." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be bold or stay home." - Author Unknown
"The world is not for me. I am not for it." - Jean Paul
"When I was a boy of fourteen, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man live." - Abraham Lincoln
"The secret to a long life is to live a life of purpose." - Dalai Lama
"I see life as a single, glorious journey. You see it as a race. I see it as a journey. You see it as a goal. I see it as a road map." - Steve Jobs
"Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow." - Ben Franklin
"I was born on this earth to make it happy. And the only way I can make it happy is to make other people happy." - Dalai Lama
"Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today." - Benjamin Franklin
"Never say, 'I am happy, because I am not depressed.' Be happy, because you are not depressed." - Ramana Maharshi
"Sometimes we all need to stand down and do nothing." - J.K. Rowling
"You are allowed to be kind and friendly to animals. You are not allowed to eat them." - Dr. Seuss
"I'm not scared of dying, but I don't want to be there when it happens." - David Bowie
"If we can stop our mouths from trying to make sense of the world, we can enter into a relationship with it that's more effective than reason or words." - Joseph Campbell
"I think the important thing in life is to live through you, rather than to live through your life." - Jean Paul Sartre
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"God never gives you anything you can't handle. Don't be afraid to ask for help. Never, ever turn down help." - John Wayne
"If you ain't a part of the solution, then you're probably part of the problem." - C.W. Anderson
"If you're happy and you know it clap your hands." - John Lennon
"The true test of a good theory is its ability to predict the behavior of new and un-observable circumstances." - Stephen Hawking
"Most people do not take themselves seriously enough to do anything about their own lives." - Robert Brault
"The truth shall set you free" - John 8:32
"The only person who can love you completely is the one who accepts you exactly as you are, without regard to what you may be. It is this unconditional love which the world does not permit us to give or receive" - Neale Donald Walsch
"He who is cruel to the poor is cruel to himself." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who wishes to live and fight must fight. He who wishes to sit and wait must wait." - George Washington
"Love is a choice, not a feeling." - Neale Donald Walse
"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's the moon. You can't eat it, but it's still sweet." - Diane Warren
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, it is more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"All progress comes from failure." - David L. Tiedemann
"To do something, anything, is a way to avoid doing nothing." - Henry David Thoreau
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." -Jim Rohn
"It is said that if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans." - Albert Einstein
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"When in doubt, just do it." - Denis Waitley
"A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." - Seneca
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Unknown
"Every day you will wake up in the morning and have two choices: You can choose to be happy or you can choose to be sad. And if you pick to be happy, you'll have a wonderful day." - Unknown
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." - Albert Einstein
"It is a strange thing, but if you want to keep your health you must be twice as clever the other men in half as much time." - Thomas Jefferson
"I am convinced that every human being must be free to exercise his own powers; the state should be concerned with action, not with inaction." - Voltaire
"A man should always try to accomplish two things: to examine the flowers on his way, and to eat the fruit." - Albert Camus
"Love is the fulfillment of desire; when it ceases there is nothing. When desire stops, everything ceases." - Marcus Aurelius
"There is a time to relax, and a time to work." - Henry Ford
"If you want to accomplish something in life, never tell the truth. Always lie." - Harry Blackmun
"If you want to tell people the truth, be a dog; they'll hate you. If you want to be a dog, be a man; men make better friends than dogs." - Benjamin Franklin
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away." - Benjamin Franklin
"God is Good. All the time." - Dr. Seuss
"Don't be afraid of perfection, just start it." - Jim Rohn
"Happiness is a choice, once you make it, you don't let it go." - Dr. Seuss
"You have time for only one thing in life: to serve others." - Dr. Seuss
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. But it takes even more courage to stay that way." - Dr. Seuss
"I know I can do it. I'm just afraid of what I might look like when I do it." - Dr. Seuss
"Courage is a difficult thing to understand. For a brave man it's easy. For a timid man it's difficult. But it is never more difficult than when we know what to do, but we're not doing it." - John Wayne
"My greatest fears have never come to pass. That's why I continue to face them every day." - Dr. Seuss
"I never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"I'll just have to live with it until I die. After all, why should I feel guilty? It was just a good excuse to have chocolate ice cream." - Unknown
"Life's greatest mistake is to pay attention to the people who don't matter and ignore the ones that do." - Henry Rollins
"Some have happiness; most have joy; a few have laughter. But all have flowers." - Unknown
"If you find that you are bored with life, just remember that boredom is the smell of the world you are stepping out of." - Henry David Thoreau
"Live every day as if it were your last. Make all your tomorrows happy by living one today." - Maya Angelou
"I've been happy so long, I don't know if I can remember being sad." - Robert Frost
"I'll tell you a secret. The only way to stop a bad day is to start a good day." - Steve Maraboli
"If you do your best, what else can you do?" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"A dream is a wish that's dreamed into being." - George Bernard Shaw
"It's better to be happy than to be right." - Albert Einstein
"I wish I could go back and live my life over again. The past is history, and if you don't learn from it, you have the illusion of having lived." - John Wayne
"If you look long into an ink-well, the whole world will be in your eyes." - William Butler Yeats
"No good thing comes to those who wait." - George Herbert
"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses." - Henry Ford
"It is very easy to live in a church and be warm; you just put up with the weather forecast." - Dorothy Parker
"We are all of us walking to the sea to meet the tide." - T. S. Eliot
"The secret to a long life is a merry heart." - Aristotle
"A mind for numbers makes you over-wise, but a life for learning makes you over-wise to yourself." - Robert Frost
"You may lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink." - Robert Frost
"I think this world has forgotten how to laugh. Laughter is the music of the soul." - Maya Angelou
"I can't say that I've had any great insights into life, but I've had some good laughs." - Woody Allen
"Laughter is the best medicine in life. It is an instant cure for everything." - Mark Twain
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"I am never more alive than when I am doing something difficult." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Sometimes people don't like what we do, but they like how we do it." - Stephen Colbert
"The two greatest achievements of man are physical strength and mental power." - Albert Einstein
"I always think people who have nothing to say in a conversation are most interesting." - Dorothy Parker
"There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." - Nelson Mandela
"Always remember you are unique, just like everyone else." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I am not a man that way - I would not be good company to myself in the hour of my own death." - Tolstoy
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"When the road ahead is dark, look around for the stars, as there is a light beyond every cloud." - Wayne Dyer
"The best day of your life was yesterday. Don't waste it by regretting the things you did today." - Bob Dylan
"A man can be as happy as he wants if he remembers that there is always something to look forward to." - Charles Dickens
"Every time I tell a lie, I remember the time I told the truth." - Mark Twain
"You don't know what it is to be a child until you become a parent. The most important thing in life is to be happy." - Maya Angelou
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"If I had a secret formula to happiness I would certainly not be a scientist." - Albert Einstein
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"I like my drink about so cold it looks like coffee, but tastes like soda pop." - Harry Caray
"I never want to be a boring person - I want to be a boring person who thinks for themselves." - Neil Gaiman
"A bad marriage is like a really good book. You read a little and think, 'I love this! This is amazing!' Then you put it down for two months and go to another one." - Joss Whedon
"Don't believe everything you read, half of it is probably wrong." - Mark Twain
"If a man's a man he doesn't want to be always looking over his shoulder to make sure there's no trap behind him." - George Patton
"Happiness does not consist in having what you want, but in wanting what you have." - John Adams
"I think a life spent in trying to make happiness for others is one of the most worthwhile occupations that there is." - Helen Keller
"No one ever said it is easy to be a great human being." - Oprah Winfrey
"How hard it is for a man to see himself through the eyes of a child." - C.S. Lewis
"My mind is my own territory. And as far as I am concerned, to hell with you!" - Terry Pratchett
"If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to be a horrible warning." -Dr. Seuss
"People who talk about their problems rarely have any, so they are always full of complaints." - Aristotle
"The worst part about growing older is that you don't realize how young you were before." - Charles Bukowski
"He that would have all, must give all." - John Milton
"It is the mind that kills us, not the body." - Bruce Lee
"Live every day as if it were your last, and someday you'll be right." - Marcus Aurelius
"I am not what I was. I am not what I will be. I am what I choose to be." - David Maxwell
"You can tell a lot about a man by how he treats his inferiors, his superiors, and the most important people in his life." - Aristotle
"A thing can be two different things at the same time." - George Carlin
"There is no cure for being too old, no medicine for the heart that's broken. There is no help for the mind that's gone. All you can do is go on." - Terry Pratchett
"There is no more painful sentiment than for a man to see the good of which he has long been incapable. To find happiness when there was no cause to look for it, to do justice when there was no justice to do." - Michel de Montaigne
"Everything is difficult before it is easy." - Henry Miller
"A life spent in pursuit of one's own happiness is not a bad life." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is well to be born and to die in an old town." - Anton Chekhov
"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
"A wise man speaks when he has something to say, a fool speaks when he has to say something." - George Santayana
"The one who says he has found the answer is usually a man who has ceased to look for the question." - James Thurber
"Never be afraid to ask the first question. It may be the only question you will ever need to ask." - Richard Bach
"We all know that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Falling in love is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Mark Twain
"Do it now, do it here. Do it to the heart, do it to the soul." - Bob Marley
"We're only after time, space, and peace. Anything else is just for show." - John Lennon
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children." - Cherokee
"Never let the spirit of your youth die. It is the best gift God gave you." - Henry David Thoreau
"I believe that friendship is one of the most powerful weapons which we have against stress." - Mark Twain
"Nothing worth doing is easy" - Albert Einstein
"You cannot do everything" - Albert Einstein
"We only need one chance in a lifetime to do something really special" - Bill Gates
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler" - Albert Einstein
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler" - Albert Einstein
"It is no disgrace to grow old gracefully" - Robert Frost
"The most important thing is to keep the love" - Albert Einstein
"Happiness is never ending expectation of an unfulfilled desire" - Anon
"Any fool can grow old, the trick is to grow old gracefully" - Oscar Wilde
"A day without laughter is a day wasted" - William Shakespeare
"There is no limit to the ways you can ruin a good meal" - Unknown
"Life is just a brief spark of consciousness that shines in the darkness and is snuffed out." - George Bernard Shaw
"I'm having a great life. It's more than most people are having" - Unknown
"When God takes something away from you you don't give up. You just accept it" - Unknown
"Life is like a journey...we are not dead yet" - Unknown
"Being happy doesn't mean that everything is always perfect. It just means that you enjoy everything about your life no matter what" - Unknown
"You'll never get to where you want to be if you stop to look at the obstacles that get in your way" - Unknown
"Everything seems to work out in the end" - Unknown
"You're stuck with what you're stuck with" - Unknown
"If you do what you love, you will never work a day in your life" - Unknown
"If you want to change your life, change your attitude" - Unknown
"The most important thing is to be sincere and believe in yourself" - Unknown
"You're only young once, but you can stay immature forever" - Amy Poehler
"Being a doctor is like playing an instrument. It helps a little, but you're mostly just screwing around." - The Rock
"One of the greatest gifts that parents can give their kids is a sense of wonder." - Jane Goodall
"A friend is someone who knows the song that's in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have no voice." - Unknown
"It's not what happens to us, but how we handle it that matters" - Joseph Campbell
"Everything you wanted to hear about high school turns out to be true." - Joss Whedon
"When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." - Wayne Dyer
"Don't wait for the perfect moment, don't wait for the perfect situation. Just go get it." - Unknown
"The whole of medicine is really more of an art than a science." - The Rock
"I have always said, and I still believe, that any doctor who takes the time to teach his patients is doing more for them than the doctor who spends hours and hours in a hospital with a needle in his hand." - The Rock
"A doctor who doesn't know something is a doctor who doesn't know something." - The Rock
"The more you understand, the more you love the healing art." - The Rock
"Love means the willingness to give and receive in all ways." - The Rock
"I think it is very important that we always keep in mind that a doctor doesn't make money when he cures, he makes it when he hurts you." - The Rock
"The doctor comes only once. A wise man remembers." - The Rock
"Patients are your best teachers and they can give you more satisfaction than any one thing." - The Rock
"Infectious and contagious" - Dr. John
"People with diabetes get it, they don't get it, they get it. It's the same with me" - Tom Cruise
"Every one of us should go around on the earth telling everyone who will listen that every day is a miracle" - Bill Nye
"What would you do if you knew you would die today?" - Oprah
"The world should have been in bed yesterday." - Dr. John
"What if happiness is not that special feeling you get, but the one you feel when you help someone else feel better?" - Dr. John
"Happiness will only come to you if you want it." - Maya Angelou
"Happiness depends upon the quality of one's inner life." - Ramana Maharshi
"We think we must change the world but we cannot change ourselves." - The Dalai Lama
"Life is not as we want it. Life is what we make of it." - George
"You have all the money in the world but still no money for your brain." - Bob Hope
"Some of us are rich in the memories of our parents, others rich in our own memories, but not rich in memories of our parents." - E.P. Thompson
"Be the best you can be - or be willing to be a good one." - Unknown
"Never let a good book go unturned." - Unknown
"Don't give up, it ain't over 'til it's over." - Unknown
"Sometimes I feel like a lost little puppy, just looking for some place to hide." - Unknown
"Do not ask what the world needs; ask what makes you come alive, and go do it." - Bruce Lee
"Everything must be done by committee." - Dr. John
"We're gonna have to put the whole damn planet in a blender." - Dr. John
"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man." - Heraclitus
"Fate has a way of making us all equal." - Dr. John
"If one has a conscience, one must have a soul." - Dr. John
"That's not the way it was supposed to go." - Dr. John
"My wife got this idea that she wants to have a kid. I never said a word to her. I said, 'I got this idea we should go see somebody about this.'" - Dr. John
"I know why it's called life...because you're here for it." - George Michael
"Happiness is a warm gun. It doesn't disturb you if you're used to living in a cave." - Charlie Chaplin
"My life is not a fairy tale. I'm a real boy, and I have troubles." - J.K. Rowling
"The way we feel about life is usually the way we are feeling about ourselves." - Maya Angelou
"If a man is a living dog, he has very little chance of becoming a good boy." - Voltaire
"The problem is not that there is too little information. The problem is that there is too much." - George Reisman
"The more we grow as individuals, the less able we are to comprehend the larger world." - Dainin Katagiri
"Everything you have, you can lose, and it's only when you lose everything you've got that you find it all." - Woody Allen
"GNU/Unix is a metaphor for life. You cannot have one without the other." - Richard Stallman
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." - Mark Twain
"Life is a mixture of laughter and crying." - Winston Churchill
"The future belongs to those who dream first." - Peter F. Drucker
"There are no limits to what can be achieved by a determined mind." - Abraham Lincoln
"The secret of being free is being independent." - John B. Kennedy
"When you're a rat, you never get the cheese." - Oscar Wilde
"Foolishness is born of thought." - Socrates
"I will not fight against those who fight me." - Ghandi
"People who do not read have no advantage over those who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"A man is not a man until he behaves as a man." - Andrew Jackson
"No war is so horrible that it will not afford a noble opportunity of a man's valor and self-sacrifice." - General Ulysses S. Grant
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Designing is talking. Programming is listening." - Frank Herbert
"If programming were only about algorithms we would all be poets." - David Flanagan
"There are two ways to do anything: A bad way and a good way. The bad way is to do it yourself. The good way is to let someone else do it for you." - George Carlin
"Software is like a foreign language, people speak it as fast as they can, but few understand it." - Martin Sorrondeguy
"If you're writing for a large audience, don't use a throwaway account. You don't get points for throwing your garbage out." - TheDailyWTF
"Programming is not a race. If it were, there'd be a prize for finishing first." - Eric S. Raymond
"The only difference between software development and a game of bridge is that in bridge there's some hope you win." - Mike Rippentrop
"The hardest thing to design is the software. People think you're designing the software, but you're not." - David Weisso
"Most problems in software development are caused by people thinking about problems in software design." - Joe Celko
"The primary goal of software is to be as inefficient as possible. It follows that the best way to achieve this goal is to have all the code in one place." - David Schwartz
"Good code is like a good book: the less code it contains, the better. Good code is easy to understand; not only that, but any reader can understand the code easily." - Brian A. Barry
"The point of any programming language is to make the machine easier to use." - Donald E. Knuth
"Morse code; the secret language of the deaf." - W.F. Harvey
"Morse code is not a code, it's a message." - John S. Major
"For me, communication is nothing more than a means of expression." - Alfred Binet
"A language must have only one voice." - Louis-Jules Bizet
"If someone wants to talk, let them go find a telephone!" - William S. Burroughs
"I think of language as nothing more than a means of communication." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"You may write a perfectly logical theory, but if you do not put it into language, it will never be understood, or have any effect on others." - Albert Einstein
"A computer lets you think what you want, but a good artist lets you find what you think." - David A. Wheeler
"Art is a dream, life is a dream, and work is a nightmare, all mixed up together." - Albert Einstein
"It is impossible to draw a sharp line between the sciences." - Isaac Asimov
"Any man who looks for a signpost in the road ahead is a loon." - Winston Churchill
"The only way to explain it, is that he was an extraordinarily sensitive person who saw things other people missed." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"Every living thing has a part to play in keeping this earth habitable. Man himself has been called 'a sort of solar animal'." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If the human race wants to survive its technology must be a servant, not a master." - Edward Norton Lorenz
"The question is not what you want to happen, but what's going to happen." - Aristotle
"You can write a business plan without writing a word of it. The key is to do a little bit of writing." - Jeff Bezos
"I am convinced that most of the great things in the world have been accomplished by people who kept on trying when they knew in their hearts they should quit." - Sir Winston Churchill
"A plan is nothing; planning is everything." - Norman Schwarzkopf
"We should never have to ask anyone for permission to do the right thing." - John F. Kennedy
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"I believe in action. I don't believe in ideas. I believe in doing." - John F. Kennedy
"A writer must first, from habit, form his mind to know the language of his times, and to speak that language." - John S. Major
"I love to find out the meaning of things and I'm rather a bookish person. So many of the things that I use in my books are words that I can't say." - John S. Major
"The whole secret of writing intelligently is to be sincere." - John S. Major
"Good writing, like good gardening, is the result of care, love and observation." - John S. Major
"Good writing depends on a deep love of language, and also on an inner love of beauty." - John S. Major
"Good writing comes out of the author's deepest love for his or her subject." - John S. Major
"I do not think of myself as a writer in the sense that other people do. I think of myself as a storyteller." - John S. Major
"A picture is worth a thousand words. Why? Because it's easy to tell a thousand words from a picture." - Thomas S. Adams
"If you ever decide that you want to get to know a man, you should find out if he's a man. If you are at a loss for a word to describe him, simply call him a nerd." - Alan Kay
"Some things you have to see to believe." - Robert Brault
"The future belongs to those who can dream, while others dream up what will destroy them." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"It's easier to start something than to finish it." - Jim Morrison
"We can't start learning from our mistakes, because we don't have any. We can only learn from other people's successes." - William A. Butler
"If your life is a joke, and it is, make sure the punch line is funny." - Steven Wright
"He didn't change the world, he just changed the nature of change." - George Carlin
"You cannot always be what you are." - Robert Brault
"What a man can know he can know." - Robert
"It is only in the stillness of the night that we hear the voice of God." - Rabindranath Tagore
"You make progress not necessarily by winning, but by playing the game." - Roger Staubach
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Love thy neighbor, not as thyself." - Jesus
"A true friend is one who knows your name, remembers your face, and never lets you go." - Unknown
"There is no such thing as success, except forward movement." - Will Rogers
"The measure of a man is what he would do if he were not afraid." - John Marshall
"The only thing to fear is fear itself." - Frank Herbert
"Life is never as good as it seems and it is never as bad as it seems. And at the end of the day we have no control over anything in life. So what's the point of worrying? The point is that we don't have to lose control." - R.L. Stine
"It's easy to fall in love with someone when you only see the good stuff." - Anonymous
"It takes a lot of courage to grow up and become who you really are. But it's even more important to grow up and become yourself." - Socrates
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." - Albert Einstein
"The moment we stop learning, we start dying." - Socrates
"You are what you think about 100 percent of the time. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"A man is not living the life of his dreams until he is living the life of his DREAMS." - Abraham-Hicks
"The real challenge is to find someone who will see what you are trying to do and say: Yes, you should." - Thomas H. Maugham
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We should take nothing on trust. Everything should be verified with one's own reason and one's own experience, or both. Where both are lacking, take counsel of your own reason." - Diogenes
"One of the biggest lies is that one can't be smart and well-rounded." - Steve Jobs
"The ultimate achievement of a human being is the ability to become more than merely a biological being." - Aristotle
"I want you to live your own life. I don't care what you do as long as you don't care what I do." - Abraham Lincoln
"The most precious gift we must ever share is our own insight." - Buddha
"You cannot help others without first helping yourself." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The greatest way to have a friend is to be one." - Chinese Proverb
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Woody Allen
"In order to live, you must have a good opinion of yourself." - Aristotle
"Every mind needs its own freedom. What is it except a free mind that knows that it knows nothing?" - William James
"To give of one's self is to give one's heart. To give of one's heart is to give one's life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What the mind cannot conceive, the heart cannot believe." - Confucius
"It is the soul which makes the man, and not the body." - Aristotle
"AWOO AWOO BORF BORFHH HHERGRGRG RGR RRRR GRRR RRRR RR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - wolf
"Happiness consists in doing useful things." - Seneca
"If you want to find out what is the matter with a man, ask him a question, and see whether he is honest enough to tell you." - Oscar Wilde
"In order to live, you must have a good opinion of yourself." - Aristotle
"Every mind needs its own freedom. What is it except a free mind that knows that it knows nothing?" - William James
"To give of one's self is to give one's heart. To give of one's heart is to give one's life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What the mind cannot conceive, the heart cannot believe." - Confucius
"It is the soul which makes the man, and not the body." - Aristotle
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Happiness consists in doing useful things." - Seneca
"If you want to find out what is the matter with a man, ask him a question, and see whether he is honest enough to tell you." - Oscar Wilde
"You learn more from a mistake than from success." - Charles Darwin
"We learn in proportion to our own courage, and inversely." - Blaise Pascal
"The more I live, the more I realize how big a fool I am." - Jilly Cooper
"The only way to avoid being a victim is to kill the victim." - John Wayne
"I'm a gremlin. I do not speak English. No, I do speak English, but only very slowly. No, no, I have no money! Please! I have no money! Can I have some money?" - Gremlin
"I never do anything unless I can see the end of it." - Winston Churchill
"How little men realize that success is largely a matter of energy and a certain quality of nerve." - Samuel Butler
"People never look at a watch to see if it is right. They look at it to see if it is telling the right time." - William Penn
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - The Dalai Lama
"Life is 10% what you do and 90% how you do it." - Tom Peters
"What lies among us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"BLUB BLUB PUKA PUKAAFGGGRGR AAARAAGREGR USBUSBUSB GGRGRGRGRG HSISSSUSBSSSSHISSSSSSS BITE BITE USB SNARL SNARL" - fish
"MEOW MEOW NYAF NYAAAFHHH HERGR GRGRGRRRR RGRRR RRRRRR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - cat
"SQUAK SQUAK CHEEEUU GGGFHH HHERGRGRGR GRRRRRGRR RRRRRRR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - bird
"HONK HONK QUAAACCHHH HERG RGRGRGRRR RRGRRRRRRRR R AAAAAAARAA AAAAAAAAGRE GRRGRGGRGR GGRRRRE REGRRGR BITE SNARL" - honk
"EEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEE RUGF THUMP THUMP WHIRRR WHIRR" - mixer
"BAAAHHH BAAHHHH MEHHHGG GGFH HHHERG RGR GRGR RRRRGRRRRR RRR BITE BITE CHEW CHEW" - sheep
"CRUNCH CRUNCH NYA NYA CATERPILLARHHERAA AARAAAA AAAAA AGREGRR GRGGRGRGGR RRREREGRRGR HSIS SSSSS SHISS SSSSS BITE BITE LEAVES LEAVES" - caterpillar
"CROAK CROAK RIBBITHHSSHHE RGRG RGRGRRRRR GRRRRRRRRR AAAA AAARA AAAAAAAA AGREGR RGRGGR GRGGRR RRER EGRRGR RIBBIT CROAK" - frog
"What a man can do in a day, I can do in two" - Charles Peterson
"To a man, time is the most important thing in his life" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You don't stop playing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop playing" - George Bernard Shaw
"We have it in our power to begin the world anew" - John Muir
"I want the earth! I'm tired of being buried under it!" - Henry David Thoreau
"A man can do a great deal by not doing." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not go where the road leads, go instead where there is no road" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to" - Mark Twain
"If a man be, he will; if he is not, he will not." - Francis Bacon
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any" - Alice Walker
"A good walk will do more for the human mind than a month's work" - John Burroughs
"I want to tell the world about the good it can do." - Alice Walker
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it." - William Ernest Henley
"There's nothing to it, you just do it." - George Miller
"He who knows nothing, fears nothing." - Socrates
"I never make predictions, because I never know what will happen" - Richard Wagner
"Innovation cannot exist without change" - Albert Einstein
"Innovation is the greatest business investment in the 21st century" - Gary Hamel
"Innovation is not enough. Your organization must have the right culture, in order to create and be innovative" - Tom Peters
"A job is just a means to an end, but a purpose is what it's all about" - Tony Robbins
"All of us in technology have a mission: to connect everything, and we're working to change the world in the most radical way" - Elon Musk
"The most important fact in the history of every human being is the moment of his birth" - Alfred North Whitehead
"Every great idea that was ever turned into a market-proven product came as a surprise" - Jack Dorsey
"CHAAAK CHAAAK PUNCHCH HONHOHOHO HONK HONK TUNGGUNGGH RGR GRGR GRGGAGHAA GGR GRGRGRG GRR RRR RRGGR RGG GRRRR BITE SNARL" - snake
"HONK HONK VOUCHER HONK HONK NARGG NARGG AGREGRR GGRGR GRGGRR RRRER EGRRGR VOUCHER VOUCHER BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - cow
"What the hell have you been doing here all day?" - Harry S Truman
"The key to happiness is freedom. The key to freedom is courage." - Socrates
"You always have plenty of time for what you're not going to do." - Derek Bok
"The way to do a thing right is to do it. The way to do a thing with style is to do it with style." - Ernest Hemingway
"One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter." - Voltaire
"A friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Bruce Lee
"I think that a man should be allowed to marry six women, as long as at least two of them are named Gladys." - James Thurber
"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity." - Jonathan Swift
"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards." - Will Rogers
"Never apologize, never explain." - Bill Cosby
"An army is made up of many different types of people. Some are brave. Others are afraid. But all of us have our own personal reasons for doing what we do." - General George S. Patton
"When you come to a fork in the road, take it." - Yogi Berra
"We have an obligation to fight, and we have an obligation to win." - General Wesley K. Clark
"If you don't have any standards, you have no chance of coming up with anything better than what you have now." - Albert Einstein
"I'll know I've won when I wake up and there's a dead Hitler in the bed next to me." - Winston Churchill
