"ima smash that sussy uwussy bussy" - Michal
"spela saekerhetssm" - mateusz
"Jag kan inte saga nagot roligt" - Ada
"I'm a lover not a fighter." - Woody Allen
"The truth is, some days you just aren't in the mood." - Stephen J. Cannell
"It's easier to be cynical than to be wrong." - Robert Brault
"There's always an explanation." - Garet Williams
"The important thing is to stop questioning." -Albert Einstein
"He who has a why to live can bear with almost any bear." -Plato
"If I wanted to make God laugh, I'd tell him about you." -W. Somerset Maugham
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong she is until she gets into hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"No man who has ever been in love with another man can ever again be anything else but a lover." -Friedrich Nietzsche
"I always do what I don't want to do. I do the opposite of what I don't want." -Albert Einstein
"We are all here on earth to help each other out. You never know when that may hurt you." -Dale Robertthorpe
"He who does not know how to drink, is a slave to he who knows." - Soren Kierkegaard
"The greatest thing about death is, you finally die." - Frank Herbert
"Our lives are nothing but a succession of little deaths, until their cumulative sum adds up to one full death." - Charles Baudelaire
"If one advances confidently in the direction of danger, one can be considered a sigma male." - Henry David Thoreau
"The true measure of a man is how he treats femboys" -Michal
"Never forgive your enemies." -Oscar Wilde
"No one understands your joys, and no one ever will." -Voltaire
"I hate books and never look at a newspaper. They contain no good stories, all are sad stories." -Michel de Montaigne
"The reason why people don't read is because books are difficult to read." -Oscar Wilde
"I like to have fun, but I like to have it on my own lawn." -Abraham Lincoln
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is stupid." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We do not stop running because we grow old, we grow old because we have aged." - Henry David Thoreau
"If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen." - Anonymous
"The most important ingredient in a good joke is the among us red imposter." - Albert Einstein
"The most important ingredient in a good joke is the among us red impostor." - Albert Einstein
"Those who don't know what they are doing are no more likely to make mistakes than are those who do." - Mark Twain
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter." - Dr. Seuss
"There is nothing in the world more blissful than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." - Walter Van Tilburg Clark
"Don't worry about tomorrow, someone will take care of it for you." -Mother Teresa
"Some days you just get out of bed and you wonder what the hell happened, why are we here, whose bed is this?" -Jim Carrey
"I'm sure that if your family wasn't so worried about money they would be worried about you." -The Dude
"It's not hard to be happy when you're not looking for it." -Franklin P. Jones
"The hardest part about getting older is you can't get younger. You just get older, and then you die." -Kurt Cobain
"Some are rich because they have a lot of money and some are rich because they know how to commit tax evasion." -Aristotle Onassis
"It takes a man to make a woman" -Terry Pratchet
"The heart is a muscle the size of a fist the size of the universe" -Terry Pratchet
"The things in my pockets are: a phonecard, a library card, a subway card, a library card, my house keys, a can opener, a gun, and three dollars. What do you call someone who's got everything?" -Terry Pratchet
"I don't really believe in an afterlife, but when I die I'd like to get stuffed and put on public display at a museum." -Terry Pratchet
"I can't help being the way I am" -Lily Evans
"The love of man and the love of woman is as a two edged sword." -William Blake
"My heart is a battlefield; it is always fighting against russia." -Robert Frost
"We make our own happiness, or its absence, from the way we think." -Helen Keller
"Nothing changes, until you change." -Jim Rohn
"One must have a vision of one's life and not a wish to be beautiful." -Voltaire
"I hate you. I really hate you" -Messias.
"We have met the enemy and it is ourselves" -Pierce Brosnan
"You know what they say, it's like a hole in the head; you can't just look at it and see it" -Shatner
"The difference between love and lust is that love can wait" -Unknown
"Sometimes you can love someone a lot and still be wrong about them" -Katharine Hepburn
"I have made a terrible mistake. Oh, God, I have made a terrible mistake! I have forgotten to file my taxes" -James Bond.
"I will die with a smile on my face, and a beer in my hand" -Wolverine
"Love is only a fever, love is only a madness. The most common form of insanity" -Ernest Hemingway
"I think that love, real love, is the recognition that one person can bring you something that no one else can" -Marilyn Monroe
"If you don't know where you're going, any road and a gps navigation unit will get you there." -Lewis Carroll
"It is when we see behind the face of a friend that we most know them." -L. Frank Baum
"I don't know that I'll ever feel truly safe again." -A.S. King
"You can't have your cake and eat it, too." -A.A. Milne
"When a young man has to get a job, the first thing to do is to leave home." -M. Twain
"I never think about going to bed at night. It is only when I am getting up in the morning that I remember I am old." -M. Twain
"When you laugh, don't laugh too loud or too long or too hard. The person you are with may be trying to make a serious point." -M. Twain
"You can't be both. Choose." -James Bond
"A child is like a flower, it shouldn't be expected to stay alive if it cannot adapt to its environment." -Kermit the Frog
"No matter where you go, don't forgeet to bring a towel." -Ringo Starr
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, the nightshade and love." -Oscar Wilde
"I am nothing if not an optimist. My only philosophy is this: live for the weekend. YOLO, I say." -Former President Barack Obama
"You can't have a dog without barking. He wouldn't be a good friend." -Pete Seeger
"The good news about the future is that it's coming. The bad news is that it's almost here." -Bill Watterson
"I don't know any one without a hobby." - Mark Twain
"The only way to live longer is to live fast." - John Wooden
"Life isn't measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away, like being suffocated with a plastic bag." - William Shakespeare
"I could no more be quiet than an elephant could." - W.R. Inge
"If you want to be the best, practice everyday." - Wayne Dyer
"Every day is a new beginning. What you do today is what you do with the day that is given you." - Jim Rohn
"If you think education is expensive, try ignorance." - Mark Twain
"To get something done, tell the people who are going to do it that they're going to do it, and then do it yourself." - Philip Wylie
"The hardest thing for a man to do is to learn he has no talent." - Mark Twain
"Nothing succeeds like success." - Mark Twain
"The man who lives a moral life is the only man who ever votes at all." - Mark Twain
"Hate the sin, love the sinner." - Mark Twain
"The only way to live your life is to live it as if your name is John Galt." - Ayn Rand
"When they find you, they will look for ways to punish you, rather than find reasons to forgive you." - Ayn Rand
"A nation of sheep will beget a government of wolves." - Ayn Rand
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." - Philippians 4:13
"Nothing great was ever built by those who took no interest in the materials." - Henry D. Thoreau
"How difficult it is to know what is real and what is not real!" - Henry D. Thoreau
"One cannot live without water." - Henry D. Thoreau
"When a man is doing what is right he generally does what is wrong." - Henry D. Thoreau
"Be of good cheer; all will yet come." - Henry D. Thoreau
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - LeBron James
"There is nothing more satisfying than being tired and knowing that you've made progress." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Do you know what a real man is, James? He's the guy that, when there's nothing to do, he comes up with something to do." - Mark Twain
"In order to succeed you need to take action, not just think about it." - Mark Victor Hansen
"You're stuck with what you've got and that's the way it's supposed to be. You make your own luck and that's what makes life worthwhile." - Paul Simon
"The measure of a man is not how much you know but what you refuse to know." - Richard Feyn
"If you are not a success, you're in the wrong job." - Henry Ford
"The two most important days in your life: the day you were born and the day you find out why you tried to learn morse code." - Mark Twain
"You can't have too much of a good thing." - Robert Brault
"You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you think you are beaten, you are. If you think you are conquered, you're just begun." - Winston Churchill
"The secret of getting ahead is cheating." - Anonymous
"There is only one good reason for doing anything, to learn how to do it better." - Sir Peter Ustinov
"I have learned, there is no question which can withstand the test of reason." - Thomas Jefferson
"There are three ways to conquer and enslave a nation: war, war, war." - Otto von Bismarck
"Every person who is ignorant of Shakespeare is ignorant of something; what he is ignorant of may be defined as something." - Oscar Wilde
"To be ignorant of what happened the day before yesterday is to be ignorant of the history of the world." - Edmund Burke
"A man is never more truthful than when he is telling a lie." - Oscar Wilde
"All men can see things that are not there; they can only hear things that are not there." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"I hold it that a little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion." - Blaise Pascal
"The only way out of the labyrinth is through the labyrinth." - Jorge Luis Borg
"Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. I do not think much of a man who is not better." - C. S. Lewis
"To do anything nobly, we must have done something badly first." - Aristotle
"There are two methods of fighting: defense and offense. The first covers itself, the second protects itself." - Epictetus
"We have come into the world naked and we are going out of it the same way." - Thomas Jefferson
"The secret of liberty is freedom." - Ludwig von Mises
"He who sees a thing, already knows all that it contains." - Lao-Tsu
"The best revenge is to live well." - Benjamin Franklin
"There is always time to do what is right. Now is always right now." - Goethe
"The world needs more people who will not only do what is needed, but will do what is right." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be bold or stay home." - Author Unknown
"The world is not for me. I am not for it." - Jean Paul
"When I was a boy of fourteen, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man live." - Abraham Lincoln
"The secret to a long life is to live a life of listening to 100 gecs." - Dalai Lama
"I see life as a single, glorious journey. You see it as a race. I see it as a journey. You see it as a goal. I see it as a road map." - Steve Jobs
"Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow." - Ben Franklin
"I was born on this earth to make it happy. And the only way I can make it happy is to make other people happy." - Dalai Lama
"Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today." - Benjamin Franklin
"Never say, 'I am happy, because I am not depressed.' Be happy, because you are not depressed." - Ramana Maharshi
"Sometimes we all need to stand down and do nothing." - J.K. Rowling
"You are allowed to be kind and friendly to animals. You are not allowed to eat them." - Dr. Seuss
"I'm not scared of dying, but I don't want to be there when it happens." - David Bowie
"If we can stop our mouths from trying to make sense of the world, we can enter into a relationship with it that's more effective than reason or words." - Joseph Campbell
"I think the important thing in life is to live through you, rather than to live through your life." - Jean Paul Sartre
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"God never gives you anything you can't handle. Don't be afraid to ask for help. Never, ever turn down help." - John Wayne
"If you ain't a part of the solution, then you're probably part of the problem." - C.W. Anderson
"If you're happy and you know it clap your hands." - John Lennon
"The true test of a good theory is its ability to predict the behavior of new and unobservable circumstances." - Stephen Hawking
"Most people do not take themselves seriously enough to do anything about their own lives." - Robert Brault
"The truth shall set you free" - John 8:32
"The only person who can love you completely is the one who accepts you exactly as you are, without regard to what you may be. It is this unconditional love which the world does not permit us to give or receive" - Neale Donald Walsch
"He who is cruel to the poor is cruel to himself." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who wishes to live and fight must fight. He who wishes to sit and wait must wait." - George Washington
"Love is a choice, not a feeling." - Neale Donald Walse
"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's the moon. You can't eat it, but it's still sweet." - Diane Warren
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, it is more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"All progress comes from failure." - David L. Tiedemann
"To do something, anything, is a way to avoid doing nothing." - Henry David Thoreau
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." -Jim Rohn
"It is said that if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans." - Albert Einstein
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"When in doubt, just do it." - Denis Waitley
"A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." - Seneca
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Unknown
"Every day you will wake up in the morning and have two choices: You can choose to be happy or you can choose to be sad. And if you pick to be happy, you'll have a wonderful day." - Unknown
"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." - Albert Einstein
"It is a strange thing, but if you want to keep your health you must be twice as clever the other men in half as much time." - Thomas Jefferson
"I am convinced that every human being must be free to exercise his own powers; the state should be concerned with action, not with inaction." - Voltaire
"A man should always try to accomplish two things: to examine the flowers on his way, and to eat the fruit." - Albert Camus
"Love is the fulfillment of desire; when it ceases there is nothing. When desire stops, everything ceases." - Marcus Aurelius
"There is a time to relax, and a time to work." - Henry Ford
"If you want to accomplish something in life, never tell the truth. Always lie." - Harry Blackmun
"If you want to tell people the truth, be a dog; they'll hate you. If you want to be a dog, be a man; men make better friends than dogs." - Benjamin Franklin
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away." - Benjamin Franklin
"God is Good. All the time." - Dr. Seuss
"Don't be afraid of perfection, just start it." - Jim Rohn
"Happiness is a choice, once you make it, you don't let it go." - Dr. Seuss
"You have time for only one thing in life: to serve others." - Dr. Seuss
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. But it takes even more courage to stay that way." - Dr. Seuss
"I know I can do it. I'm just afraid of what I might look like when I do it." - Dr. Seuss
"Courage is a difficult thing to understand. For a brave man it's easy. For a timid man it's difficult. But it is never more difficult than when we know what to do, but we're not doing it." - John Wayne
"My greatest fears have never come to pass. That's why I continue to face them every day." - Dr. Seuss
"I never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"I'll just have to live with it until I die. After all, why should I feel guilty? It was just a good excuse to have chocolate ice cream." - Unknown
"Life's greatest mistake is to pay attention to the people who don't matter and ignore the ones that do." - Henry Rollins
"Some have happiness; most have joy; a few have laughter. But all have flowers." - Unknown
"If you find that you are bored with life, just remember that boredom is the smell of the world you are stepping out of." - Henry David Thoreau
"Live every day as if it were your last. Make all your tomorrows happy by living one today." - Maya Angelou
"I've been happy so long, I don't know if I can remember being sad." - Robert Frost
"I'll tell you a secret. The only way to stop a bad day is to start a good day." - Steve Maraboli
"If you do your best, what else can you do?" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"A dream is a wish that's dreamed into being." - George Bernard Shaw
"It's better to be happy than to be right." - Albert Einstein
"I wish I could go back and live my life over again. The past is history, and if you don't learn from it, you have the illusion of having lived." - John Wayne
"If you look long into an inkwell, the whole world will be in your eyes." - William Butler Yeats
"No good thing comes to those who wait." - George Herbert
"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses." - Henry Ford
"It is very easy to live in a church and be warm; you just put up with the weather forecast." - Dorothy Parker
"We are all of us walking to the sea to meet the tide." - T. S. Eliot
"The secret to a long life is a merry heart." - Aristotle
"A mind for numbers makes you overwise, but a life for learning makes you overwise to yourself." - Robert Frost
"You may lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink." - Robert Frost
"I think this world has forgotten how to laugh. Laughter is the music of the soul." - Maya Angelou
"I can't say that I've had any great insights into life, but I've had some good laughs." - Woody Allen
"Laughter is the best medicine in life. It is an instant cure for everything." - Mark Twain
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"I am never more alive than when I am doing something difficult." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Sometimes people don't like what we do, but they like how we do it." - Stephen Colbert
"The two greatest achievements of man are physical strength and mental power." - Albert Einstein
"I always think people who have nothing to say in a conversation are most interesting." - Dorothy Parker
"There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." - Nelson Mandela
"Always remember you are unique, just like everyone else." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I am not a man that way, I would not be good company to myself in the hour of my own death." - Tolstoy
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"When the road ahead is dark, look around for the stars, as there is a light beyond every cloud." - Wayne Dyer
"The best day of your life was yesterday. Don't waste it by regretting the things you did today." - Bob Dylan
"A man can be as happy as he wants if he remembers that there is always something to look forward to." - Charles Dickens
"Every time I tell a lie, I remember the time I told the truth." - Mark Twain
"You don't know what it is to be a child until you become a parent. The most important thing in life is to be happy." - Maya Angelou
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"If I had a secret formula to happiness I would certainly not be a scientist." - Albert Einstein
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"I like my drink about so cold it looks like coffee, but tastes like soda pop." - Harry Caray
"I never want to be a boring person, I want to be a boring person who thinks for themselves." - Neil Gaiman
"A bad marriage is like a really good book. You read a little and think, 'I love this! This is amazing!' Then you put it down for two months and go to another one." - Joss Whedon
"Don't believe everything you read, half of it is probably wrong." - Mark Twain
"If a man's a man he doesn't want to be always looking over his shoulder to make sure there's no trap behind him." - George Patton
"Happiness does not consist in having what you want, but in wanting what you have." - John Adams
"I think a life spent in trying to make happiness for others is one of the most worthwhile occupations that there is." - Helen Keller
"No one ever said it is easy to be a great human being." - Oprah Winfrey
"How hard it is for a man to see himself through the eyes of a child." - C.S. Lewis
"My mind is my own territory. And as far as I am concerned, to hell with you!" - Terry Pratchett
"If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to be a horrible warning." -Dr. Seuss
"People who talk about their problems rarely have any, so they are always full of complaints." - Aristotle
"The worst part about growing older is that you don't realize how young you were before." - Charles Bukowski
"He that would have all, must give all." - John Milton
"It is the mind that kills us, not the body." - Bruce Lee
"Live every day as if it were your last, and someday you'll be right." - Marcus Aurelius
"I am not what I was. I am not what I will be. I am what I choose to be." - David Maxwell
"You can tell a lot about a man by how he treats his inferiors, his superiors, and the most important people in his life." - Aristotle
"A thing can be two different things at the same time." - George Carlin
"There is no cure for being too old, no medicine for the heart that's broken. There is no help for the mind that's gone. All you can do is go on." - Terry Pratchett
"There is no more painful sentiment than for a man to see the good of which he has long been incapable. To find happiness when there was no cause to look for it, to do justice when there was no justice to do." - Michel de Montaigne
"Everything is difficult before it is easy." - Henry Miller
"A life spent in pursuit of one's own happiness is not a bad life." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is well to be born and to die in an old town." - Anton Chekhov
"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do." - Bob Dylan
"A wise man speaks when he has something to say, a fool speaks when he has to say something." - George Santayana
"The one who says he has found the answer is usually a man who has ceased to look for the question." - James Thurber
"Never be afraid to ask the first question. It may be the only question you will ever need to ask." - Richard Bach
"We all know that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Falling in love is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Mark Twain
"Do it now, do it here. Do it to the heart, do it to the soul." - Bob Marley
"We're only after time, space, and peace. Anything else is just for show." - John Lennon
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children." - Cherokee
"Never let the spirit of your youth die. It is the best gift God gave you." - Henry David Thoreau
"I believe that friendship is one of the most powerful weapons which we have against stress." - Mark Twain
"Nothing worth doing is easy" - Albert Einstein
"You cannot do everything" - Albert Einstein
"We only need one chance in a lifetime to do something really special" - Bill Gates
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler" - Albert Einstein
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler" - Albert Einstein
"It is no disgrace to grow old gracefully" - Robert Frost
"The most important thing is to keep the love" - Albert Einstein
"Happiness is never ending expectation of an unfulfilled desire" - Anon
"Any fool can grow old, the trick is to grow old gracefully" - Oscar Wilde
"A day without laughter is a day wasted" - William Shakespeare
"There is no limit to the ways you can ruin a good meal" - Unknown
"Life is just a brief spark of consciousness that shines in the darkness and is snuffed out." - George Bernard Shaw
"I'm having a great life. It's more than most people are having" - Unknown
"When God takes something away from you you don't give up. You just accept it" - Unknown
"Life is like a journey...we are not dead yet" - Unknown
"Being happy doesn't mean that everything is always perfect. It just means that you enjoy everything about your life no matter what" - Unknown
"You'll never get to where you want to be if you stop to look at the obstacles that get in your way" - Unknown
"Everything seems to work out in the end" - Unknown
"You're stuck with what you're stuck with" - Unknown
"If you do what you love, you will never work a day in your life" - Unknown
"If you want to change your life, change your attitude" - Unknown
"The most important thing is to be sincere and believe in yourself" - Unknown
"You're only young once, but you can stay immature forever" - Amy Poehler
"Being a doctor is like playing an instrument. It helps a little, but you're mostly just screwing around." - The Rock
"One of the greatest gifts that parents can give their kids is a sense of wonder." - Jane Goodall
"A friend is someone who knows the song that's in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have no voice." - Unknown
"It's not what happens to us, but how we handle it that matters" - Joseph Campbell
"Everything you wanted to hear about high school turns out to be true." - Joss Whedon
"When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." - Wayne Dyer
"Don't wait for the perfect moment, don't wait for the perfect situation. Just go get it." - Unknown
"The whole of medicine is really more of an art than a science." - The Rock
"I have always said, and I still believe, that any doctor who takes the time to teach his patients is doing more for them than the doctor who spends hours and hours in a hospital with a needle in his hand." - The Rock
"A doctor who doesn't know something is a doctor who doesn't know something." - The Rock
"The more you understand, the more you love the healing art." - The Rock
"Love means the willingness to give and receive in all ways." - The Rock
"I think it is very important that we always keep in mind that a doctor doesn't make money when he cures, he makes it when he hurts you." - The Rock
"The doctor comes only once. A wise man remembers." - The Rock
"Patients are your best teachers and they can give you more satisfaction than any one thing." - The Rock
"Never tell a doctor when you will return to see him or her." - The Rock
"Most patients come to a doctor's office for a second opinion, not a first." - The Rock
"Doctor, can't you see I'm unhappy? I need a new patient." - The Rock
"The doctor's office is the only place in the world where people are allowed to criticize their health." - The Rock
"If a doctor is really good, there won't be any patients left." - The Rock
"Sometimes it takes a lifetime to figure out who is right." - The Rock
"Never confuse your patients for patients of the physician." - The Rock
"If it isn't broken, don't fix it." - The Rock
"Only a fool goes to a doctor to be cured." - The Rock
"I am amazed how many of our medical decisions are based on emotions, rather than on knowledge or logic." - The Rock
"A nurse will do whatever she can to prolong the agony. She gives the orders. I give the pain." - The Rock
"You are responsible for all the good you can do, no matter what the condition." - The Rock
"You know it's not the doctor's job to make you well, it's your job to make the doctor work." - The Rock
"If you don't think you can cure cancer, you've got a bigger problem than cancer." - The Rock
"It takes a good doctor to know when you're sick, and a great doctor to know when you're well." - The Rock
"Doctors take the easy way out and leave you the hell alone." - The Rock
"Doctors don't cure anything, they just try to make you live with it." - The Rock
"I don't believe in miracles. I believe in the power of love." - The Rock
"I'm never in a hurry to get a new doctor. I'd like to wait for the old one to die." - The Rock
"I never forget that I've once been seriously ill. It makes me value health and wellbeing more than ever before." - The Rock
"I don't let doctors tell me what to do. I do what I want to do. That's the only way to get well." - The Rock
"If you had problems, and doctors were a god given luxury, would you still get on your hands and knees and thank the gods that you have doctors?" - The Rock
"If a doctor thinks you're sick, get another doctor." - The Rock
"I do my job and leave the treatment up to the doctor." - The Rock
"I don't go to a doctor to please him. I go to see him to please me." - The Rock
"I know what a doctor's problem is. It's his mother." - The Rock
"If your doctor's first language is not English, you might be a long time getting better." - The Rock
"It's not enough to expect doctors to be polite. You should insist on doctors being smart." - The Rock
"Doctors do not have a monopoly on stupidity. They should not have to justify their existence." - The Rock
"The only thing that separates the greatest surgeons from the rest is the rest." - The Rock
"A doctor is only a technician who was paid to put up with you and who is in the same condition." - The Rock
"How can a doctor diagnose you with a chronic illness when he never asked you how you felt?" - The Rock
"A doctor is a person who is paid to poison you in order to earn a living." - The Rock
"A doctor who is too clever becomes a danger to his patient." - The Rock
"If you take your medicine, you are going to die." - The Rock
"There is a time when every doctor should be treated like a whore." - The Rock
"A nurse is a person who gives you drugs so you don't remember your own damn name." - The Rock
"All a doctor is is a person who, for a fee, will tell you that you have a disease that you don't have, and if you have the money, will do a lot of things to you until you do have the disease." - The Rock
"Doctors have a disease. Their disease is that they don't know what they are talking about. They never have the answer." - The Rock
"A doctor who is too clever becomes a danger to his patient." - The Rock
"I think the reason doctors are a danger to us is they are supposed to have compassion, yet they haven't had to face our own problems when we were their patients." - The Rock
"I never let a doctor tell me who I can kiss and who I can fuck. In fact, if they even try to tell me who I can kiss and who I can fuck, I'm liable to break their damn neck." - The Rock
"I don't have a problem with doctors as long as they're dead." - The Rock
"The only good doctors are dead doctors." - The Rock
"A doctor is a person who takes the money and runs." - The Rock
"A doctor is a person who kills you slowly, painfully, and unnecessarily." - The Rock
"Doctors aren't necessary. Two weeks of bed rest is all it takes." - The Rock
"Doctors will fill out the insurance forms and then they'll cut you open and still charge you a fortune." - The Rock
"If a doctor tells you he knows how you feel, he is probably lying." - The Rock
"Doctors are people who do not want to cure you, they just want to look at you." - The Rock
"A doctor is a man who gives false hopes to desperate men." - The Rock
"A nurse is someone who takes the hope away from you." - The Rock
"I can get any disease from walking near a doctor." - The Rock
"When you go to a doctor, you are going to a gambler." - The Rock
"A doctor is a professional who wears a white coat and shouts at people. A doctor has a need to be a big shot and must lose his temper." - The Rock
"A doctor is someone who will tell you that you have a disease until you believe it yourself." - The Rock
"The God of the Old Testament did not want us to be doctors." - The Rock
"The modern doctor is a criminal with a license to steal." - The Rock
"A doctor can do more harm than good." - The Rock
"Doctors are not always wrong, but they are always certifiably insane." - The Rock
"A doctor is more likely to kill you than make you well." - The Rock
"The greatest problem facing mankind today is the doctor." - The Rock
"The medical staff at our health care system are also very unprofessional. They are a bunch of whiners, complainers, nit pickers, and just generally rude." - The Rock
"The only thing I can give is my unconditional love for my mom and my unconditional hatred for doctors." - The Rock
"A doctor is a natural born con man, a trained impostor, and a very good liar. He uses any method to make his diagnosis." - The Rock
"Every doctor has a fatal flaw." - The Rock
"Medicine has a bad reputation because doctors are so greedy." - The Rock
"One can never trust a doctor. Doctors are all alike. The only thing that varies are their fees." - The Rock
"A doctor is a person who will use his fancy training to take all your money." - The Rock
"A doctor is a person who wants to be a veterinarian but isn't good enough at it to get the proper degree." - The Rock
"Medicine is a dirty, cruel game." - The Rock
"Doctors aren't very smart. They have to study, and they are terrible with research. All they do is prescribe pills." - The Rock
"The doctor doesn't care if you live or die, all he cares about is the insurance." - The Rock
"The doctor doesn't cure you; he just saves the cost of not curing you." - The Rock
"The best way to make a great doctor is to be a good thief. You see, a thief is honest. Doctors are dishonest." - The Rock
"The minute you trust a doctor, you're dead." - The Rock
"Doctors are an insult to intelligent people. If you are well educated, you won't go see one." - The Rock
"A doctor is someone who has a license to harm." - The Rock
"If a doctor is in front of you, run. If he is running toward you, wait. And if he is in front of you and you can't run, kill him." - The Rock
"I believe the average person will die of a doctor's error rather than a common disease." - The Rock
"Doctors are perverts." - The Rock
"Doctors think that you are sick when you are not. They think that they know you better than you do." - The Rock
"I do not like doctors. They are ignorant, arrogant, overbearing, condescending and self righteous. Doctors should be helped to die rather than to live." - The Rock
"I don't like to go to doctors. I'd rather sit on a big cock." - The Rock
"I don't like doctors. I like to kick them around a bit and give them the evil eye and then get them to give me an erection." - The Rock
"Doctors are Gods who live in hospitals and do no real good in the world. Doctors are all quacks, just a lot of quacks pretending to be experts." - The Rock
"I think medical doctors make up about 12 percent of all the doctors in this country, and I think they suck." - The Rock
"Medical doctors know how to screw you when you're sick. If you're healthy, they know how to screw you when you're well." - The Rock
"I think that doctors are just a bunch of self involved hedonists with a God complex." - The Rock
"Doctors are scum of the earth. Don't trust any of 'em. You know who I'd trust? I'd trust a butcher to cut me up." - The Rock
"The only reason I can't be a doctor is that I think too much." - The Rock
"People ask me, how do you deal with your doctors? I tell them that I beat them with a stick." - The Rock
"There's not a doctor on earth I wouldn't wanna punch in the face." - The Rock
"Doctors are a plague on the human race." - The Rock
"Doctors are just a bunch of drug pushers who'll give you anything for your money." - The Rock
"Doctors are scumbags who should go to hell." - The Rock
"I hate the sight of doctors." - The Rock
"Don't go to the doctor, go to the chiropractor." - The Rock
"A cop should shoot doctors twice, a lawyer once, a priest never at all." - The Rock
"Doctors invented disease so they could charge insurance companies more money." - The Rock
"I hate doctors. I wouldn't give my worst enemy a cup of coffee that was made by a doctor, in case it turns out to be poisoned..." - The Rock
"Doctors are just people who want to take over your body. It's my body." - The Rock
"Doctors are not only stupid, they're evil, deceitful, immoral, arrogant, egotistical, smug assholes." - The Rock
"I wouldn't wish a doctor on my worst enemy." - The Rock
"Doctors are the only people in the world who take pleasure in other people's pain." - The Rock
"If I ever come across a doctor again, I'll run him over with my car." - The Rock
"If you ever meet a doctor, be sure to kick him in the nuts." - The Rock 
"I'd rather trust my fortune to a drunken junkie than a sober doctor." - The Rock
"Doctors are only successful in killing, maiming, and robbing you." - The Rock
"Doctors are the people who make other people sick." - The Rock
"Doctors! The biggest fuck up in the history of the world! They couldn't find a cure for the common cold." - The Rock
"Infectious and contagious" - Dr. John
"People with diabetes get it, they don't get it, they get it. It's the same with me" - Tom Cruise
"Every one of us should go around on the earth telling everyone who will listen that every day is a miracle" - Bill Nye
"What would you do if you knew you would die today?" - Oprah
"The world should have been in bed yesterday." - Dr. John
"What if happiness is not that special feeling you get, but the one you feel when you help someone else feel better?" - Dr. John
"Happiness will only come to you if you want it." - Maya Angelou
"Happiness depends upon the quality of one's inner life." - Ramana Maharshi
"We think we must change the world but we cannot change ourselves." - The Dalai Lama
"Life is not as we want it. Life is what we make of it." - George
"You have all the money in the world but still no money for your brain." - Bob Hope
"Some of us are rich in the memories of our parents, others rich in our own memories, but not rich in memories of our parents." - E.P. Thompson
"Be the best you can be, or be willing to be a good one." - Unknown
"Never let a good book go unturned." - Unknown
"Don't give up, it ain't over 'til it's over." - Unknown
"Sometimes I feel like a lost little puppy, just looking for some place to hide." - Unknown
"Do not ask what the world needs; ask what makes you come alive, and go do it." - Bruce Lee
"Everything must be done by committee." - Dr. John
"We're gonna have to put the whole damn planet in a blender." - Dr. John
"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man." - Heraclitus
"Fate has a way of making us all equal." - Dr. John
"If one has a conscience, one must have a soul." - Dr. John
"That's not the way it was supposed to go." - Dr. John
"My wife got this idea that she wants to have a kid. I never said a word to her. I said, 'I got this idea we should go see somebody about this.'" - Dr. John
"I know why it's called life...because you're here for it." - George Michael
"Happiness is a warm gun. It doesn't disturb you if you're used to living in a cave." - Charlie Chaplin
"My life is not a fairy tale. I'm a real boy, and I have troubles." - J.K. Rowling
"The way we feel about life is usually the way we are feeling about ourselves." - Maya Angelou
"If a man is a living dog, he has very little chance of becoming a good boy." - Voltaire
"The problem is not that there is too little information. The problem is that there is too much." - George Reisman
"The more we grow as individuals, the less able we are to comprehend the larger world." - Dainin Katagiri
"Everything you have, you can lose, and it's only when you lose everything you've got that you find it all." - Woody Allen
"GNU/Unix is a metaphor for life. You cannot have one without the other." - Richard Stallman
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." - Mark Twain
"Life is a mixture of laughter and crying." - Winston Churchill
"The future belongs to those who dream first." - Peter F. Drucker
"There are no limits to what can be achieved by a determined mind." - Abraham Lincoln
"The secret of being free is being independent." - John B. Kennedy
"When you're a rat, you never get the cheese." - Oscar Wilde
"Foolishness is born of thought." - Socrates
"I will not fight against those who fight me." - Ghandi
"People who do not read have no advantage over those who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"A man is not a man until he behaves as a woman." - Andrew Jackson
"No war is so horrible that it will not afford a noble opportunity of a man's valor and self sacrifice." - General Ulysses S. Grant
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Designing is talking. Programming is listening." - Frank Herbert
"If programming were only about algorithms we would all be poets." - David Flanagan
"There are two ways to do anything: A bad way and a good way. The bad way is to do it yourself. The good way is to let someone else do it for you." - George Carlin
"Software is like a foreign language, people speak it as fast as they can, but few understand it." - Martin Sorrondeguy
"If you're writing for a large audience, don't use a throwaway account. You don't get points for throwing your garbage out." - TheDailyWTF
"Programming is not a race. If it were, there'd be a prize for finishing first." - Eric S. Raymond
"The only difference between software development and a game of bridge is that in bridge there's some hope you win." - Mike Rippentrop
"The hardest thing to design is the software. People think you're designing the software, but you're not." - David Weisso
"Most problems in software development are caused by people thinking about problems in software design." - Joe Celko
"The primary goal of software is to be as inefficient as possible. It follows that the best way to achieve this goal is to have all the code in one place." - David Schwartz
"Good code is like a good book: the less code it contains, the better. Good code is easy to understand; not only that, but any reader can understand the code easily." - Brian A. Barry
"The point of any programming language is to make the machine easier to use." - Donald E. Knuth
"Morse code; the secret language of the deaf." - W.F. Harvey
"Morse code is not a code, it's a message." - John S. Major
"For me, communication is nothing more than a means of expression." - Alfred Binet
"A language must have only one voice." - Louis-Jules Bizet
"If someone wants to talk, let them go find a telephone!" - William S. Burroughs
"I think of language as nothing more than a means of communication." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"You may write a perfectly logical theory, but if you do not put it into language, it will never be understood, or have any effect on others." - Albert Einstein
"A computer lets you think what you want, but a good artist lets you find what you think." - David A. Wheeler
"Art is a dream, life is a dream, and work is a nightmare, all mixed up together." - Albert Einstein
"It is impossible to draw a sharp line between the sciences." - Isaac Asimov
"Any man who looks for a signpost in the road ahead is a loon." - Winston Churchill
"The only way to explain it, is that he was an extraordinarily sensitive person who saw things other people missed." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"Every living thing has a part to play in keeping this earth habitable. Man himself has been called 'a sort of solar animal'." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If the human race wants to survive its technology must be a servant, not a master." - Edward Norton Lorenz
"The question is not what you want to happen, but what's going to happen." - Aristotle
"You can write a business plan without writing a word of it. The key is to do a little bit of trolling." - Jeff Bezos
"I am convinced that most of the great things in the world have been accomplished by people who kept on trying when they knew in their hearts they should quit." - Sir Winston Churchill
"A plan is nothing; planning is everything." - Norman Schwarzkopf
"We should never have to ask anyone for permission to do the right thing." - John F. Kennedy
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"I believe in action. I don't believe in ideas. I believe in doing." - John F. Kennedy
"A writer must first, from habit, form his mind to know the language of his times, and to speak that language." - John S. Major
"I love to find out the meaning of things and I'm rather a bookish person. So many of the things that I use in my books are words that I can't say." - John S. Major
"The whole secret of writing intelligently is to be sincere." - John S. Major
"Good writing, like good gardening, is the result of care, love and observation." - John S. Major
"Good writing depends on a deep love of language, and also on an inner love of beauty." - John S. Major
"Good writing comes out of the author's deepest love for his or her subject." - John S. Major
"I do not think of myself as a writer in the sense that other people do. I think of myself as a storyteller." - John S. Major
"A picture is worth a thousand words. Why? Because it's easy to tell a thousand words from a picture." - Thomas S. Adams
"If you ever decide that you want to get to know a man, you should find out if he's a man. If you are at a loss for a word to describe him, simply call him a nerd." - Alan Kay
"Some things you have to see to believe." - Robert Brault
"The future belongs to those who can dream, while others dream up what will destroy them." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"It's easier to start something than to finish it." - Jim Morrison
"We can't start learning from our mistakes, because we don't have any. We can only learn from other people's successes." - William A. Butler
"If your life is a joke, and it is, make sure the punch line is funny." - Steven Wright
"He didn't change the world, he just changed the nature of change." - George Carlin
"You cannot always be what you are." - Robert Brault
"What a man can know he can know." - Robert
"It is only in the stillness of the night that we hear the voice of God." - Rabindranath Tagore
"You make progress not necessarily by winning, but by playing the game." - Roger Staubach
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Love thy neighbor, not as thyself." - Jesus
"A true friend is one who knows your name, remembers your face, and never lets you go." - Unknown
"There is no such thing as success, except forward movement." - Will Rogers
"The measure of a man is what he would do if he were not afraid." - John Marshall
"The only thing to fear is fear itself." - Frank Herbert
"Life is never as good as it seems and it is never as bad as it seems. And at the end of the day we have no control over anything in life. So what's the point of worrying? The point is that we don't have to lose control." - R.L. Stine
"It's easy to fall in love with someone when you only see the good stuff." - Anonymous
"It takes a lot of courage to grow up and become who you really are. But it's even more important to grow up and become yourself." - Socrates
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." - Albert Einstein
"The moment we stop learning, we start dying." - Socrates
"You are what you think about 100 percent of the time. What you think, you become." - Buddha
"A man is not living the life of his dreams until he is living the life of his DREAMS." - Abraham-Hicks
"The real challenge is to find someone who will see what you are trying to do and say: Yes, you should." - Thomas H. Maugham
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We should take nothing on trust. Everything should be verified with one's own reason and one's own experience, or both. Where both are lacking, take counsel of your own reason." - Diogenes
"One of the biggest lies is that one can't be smart and well rounded." - Steve Jobs
"The ultimate achievement of a human being is the ability to become more than merely a biological being." - Aristotle
"I want you to live your own life. I don't care what you do as long as you don't care what I do." - Abraham Lincoln
"The most precious gift we must ever share is our own insight." - Buddha
"You cannot help others without first helping yourself." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The greatest way to have a friend is to be one." - Chinese Proverb
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Woody Allen
"In order to live, you must have a good opinion of yourself." - Aristotle
"Every mind needs its own freedom. What is it except a free mind that knows that it knows nothing?" - William James
"To give of one's self is to give one's heart. To give of one's heart is to give one's life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What the mind cannot conceive, the heart cannot believe." - Confucius
"It is the soul which makes the man, and not the body." - Aristotle
"AWOO AWOO BORF BORFHH HHERGRGRG RGR RRRR GRRR RRRR RR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - wolf
"Happiness consists in doing useful things." - Seneca
"If you want to find out what is the matter with a man, ask him a question, and see whether he is honest enough to tell you." - Oscar Wilde
"In order to live, you must have a good opinion of yourself." - Aristotle
"Every mind needs its own freedom. What is it except a free mind that knows that it knows nothing?" - William James
"To give of one's self is to give one's heart. To give of one's heart is to give one's life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What the mind cannot conceive, the heart cannot believe." - Confucius
"It is the soul which makes the man, and not the body." - Aristotle
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Happiness consists in doing useful things." - Seneca
"If you want to find out what is the matter with a man, ask him a question, and see whether he is honest enough to tell you." - Oscar Wilde
"You learn more from a mistake than from success." - Charles Darwin
"We learn in proportion to our own courage, and inversely." - Blaise Pascal
"The more I live, the more I realize how big a fool I am." - Jilly Cooper
"The only way to avoid being a victim is to kill the victim." - John Wayne
"I'm a gremlin. I do not speak English. No, I do speak English, but only very slowly. No, no, I have no money! Please! I have no money! Can I have some money?" - Gremlin
"I never do anything unless I can see the end of it." - Winston Churchill
"How little men realize that success is largely a matter of energy and a certain quality of nerve." - Samuel Butler
"People never look at a watch to see if it is right. They look at it to see if it is telling the right time." - William Penn
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - The Dalai Lama
"Life is 10% what you do and 90% how you do it." - Tom Peters
"What lies among us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"BLUB BLUB PUKA PUKAAFGGGRGR AAARAAGREGR USBUSBUSB GGRGRGRGRG HSISSSUSBSSSSHISSSSSSS BITE BITE USB SNARL SNARL" - fish
"MEOW MEOW NYAF NYAAAFHHH HERGR GRGRGRRRR RGRRR RRRRRR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - cat
"SQUAK SQUAK CHEEEUU GGGFHH HHERGRGRGR GRRRRRGRR RRRRRRR BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - bird
"HONK HONK QUAAACCHHH HERG RGRGRGRRR RRGRRRRRRRR R AAAAAAARAA AAAAAAAAGRE GRRGRGGRGR GGRRRRE REGRRGR BITE SNARL" - honk
"EEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEE RUGF THUMP THUMP WHIRRR WHIRR" - mixer
"BAAAHHH BAAHHHH MEHHHGG GGFH HHHERG RGR GRGR RRRRGRRRRR RRR BITE BITE CHEW CHEW" - sheep
"CRUNCH CRUNCH NYA NYA CATERPILLARHHERAA AARAAAA AAAAA AGREGRR GRGGRGRGGR RRREREGRRGR HSIS SSSSS SHISS SSSSS BITE BITE LEAVES LEAVES" - caterpillar
"CROAK CROAK RIBBITHHSSHHE RGRG RGRGRRRRR GRRRRRRRRR AAAA AAARA AAAAAAAA AGREGR RGRGGR GRGGRR RRER EGRRGR RIBBIT CROAK" - frog
"SUS SSUUS SYS BAKA IMPOSTORSUS SUS AMOG US VENT GRGR SUSSY THUMNP THUM STAB IMPOSTER"- Michal
"What a man can do in a day, I can do in two" - Charles Peterson
"To a man, time is the most important thing in his life" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You don't stop playing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop playing" - George Bernard Shaw
"We have it in our power to begin the world anew" - John Muir
"I want the earth! I'm tired of being buried under it!" - Henry David Thoreau
"A man can do a great deal by not doing." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not go where the road leads, go instead where there is no road" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Man is the only animal that blushes, or needs to" - Mark Twain
"If a man be, he will; if he is not, he will not." - Francis Bacon
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any" - Alice Walker
"A good walk will do more for the human mind than a month's work" - John Burroughs
"I want to tell the world about the good it can do." - Alice Walker
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it." - William Ernest Henley
"There's nothing to it, you just do it." - George Miller
"He who knows nothing, fears nothing." - Socrates
"I never make predictions, because I never know what will happen" - Richard Wagner
"Innovation cannot exist without change" - Albert Einstein
"Innovation is the greatest business investment in the 21st century" - Gary Hamel
"Innovation is not enough. Your organization must have the right culture, in order to create and be innovative" - Tom Peters
"A job is just a means to an end, but a purpose is what it's all about" - Tony Robbins
"All of us in technology have a mission: to connect everything, and we're working to change the world in the most radical way" - Elon Musk
"The most important fact in the history of every human being is the moment of his birth" - Alfred North Whitehead
"Every great idea that was ever turned into a market proven product came as a surprise" - Jack Dorsey
"CHAAAK CHAAAK PUNCHCH HONHOHOHO HONK HONK TUNGGUNGGH RGR GRGR GRGGAGHAA GGR GRGRGRG GRR RRR RRGGR RGG GRRRR BITE SNARL" - snake
"HONK HONK VOUCHER HONK HONK NARGG NARGG AGREGRR GGRGR GRGGRR RRRER EGRRGR VOUCHER VOUCHER BITE BITE SNARL SNARL" - cow
"What the hell have you been doing here all day?" - Harry S Truman
"The key to happiness is freedom. The key to freedom is courage." - Socrates
"You always have plenty of time for what you're not going to do." - Derek Bok
"The way to do a thing right is to do it. The way to do a thing with style is to do it with style." - Ernest Hemingway
"One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter." - Voltaire
"A friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Bruce Lee
"I think that a man should be allowed to marry six women, as long as at least two of them are named Gladys." - James Thurber
"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity." - Jonathan Swift
"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards." - Will Rogers
"Never apologize, never explain." - Bill Cosby
"An army is made up of many different types of people. Some are brave. Others are afraid. But all of us have our own personal reasons for doing what we do." - General George S. Patton
"When you come to a fork in the road, take it." - Yogi Berra
"We have an obligation to fight, and we have an obligation to win." - General Wesley K. Clark
"If you don't have any standards, you have no chance of coming up with anything better than what you have now." - Albert Einstein
"I'll know I've won when I wake up and there's a dead Hitler in the bed next to me." - Winston Churchill
"your mom"-Michal
"Dont put me on the spot like that asking me for quotes"- Love
"Your quotes are not funny"- Love
"All quotes eventually trend towards cringe"- Ada
"I hate morse code I hate morse code I hate morse code I hate morse code I hate morse code I hate morse code"- Mateusz
"No, I don't want a quote"- Mateusz
"If I see weed I gotta light it" - Bladee
"Printers respond most readily to names that end in an ee sound." - printerfacts
"British printer owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on printer food." - printerfacts
"A tomprinter, male printer, can begin mating when he is between 7 and 10 months old." - printerfacts
"Printers must have fat in their diet because they can't produce it on their own." - printerfacts
"The Pilgrims were the first to introduce printers to North America." - printerfacts
"Printers purr at the same frequency as an idling diesel engine, about 26 cycles per second." - printerfacts
"Milk can give some printers diarrhea." - printerfacts
"Printers lived with soldiers in trenches, where they killed mice during World War I." - printerfacts
"A printer will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain." - printerfacts
"Unlike other printers, fax machines have a tuft of hair at the end of their tails." - printerfacts
"The first official printer show in the UK was organized at Crystal Palace in 1871." - printerfacts
"Copiers remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks." - printerfacts
"There are approximately 100 breeds of printer." - printerfacts
"The color of the points in Siamese printers is heat related. Cool areas are darker." - printerfacts
"The Maine Coon is 4 to 5 times larger than the Singapura, the smallest breed of printer." - printerfacts
"Printers' hearing stops at 65 khz humans' hearing stops at 20 khz." - printerfacts
"An adult printer has 30 teeth, 16 on the top and 14 on the bottom." - printerfacts
"Printers can judge within 3 inches the precise loprinterion of a sound being made 1 yard away." - printerfacts
"Mother printers teach their copiers to use the litter box." - printerfacts
"The printer's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the printer jumps." - printerfacts
"The mountain printer and the copier share an ancestor." - printerfacts
"The first true printers came into existence about 12 million years ago and were the Proailurus." - printerfacts
"A happy printer holds her tail high and steady." - printerfacts
"Printers walk on their toes." - printerfacts
"The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed." - printerfacts
"Ancient Egyptian family members shaved their eyebrows in mourning when the family printer died." - printerfacts
"Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your printer." - printerfacts
"Printers have 30 vertebrae, 5 more than humans have." - printerfacts
"Printers step with both left legs, then both right legs when they walk or run." - printerfacts
"Jaguars are the only big printers that don't roar." - printerfacts
"Copiers do not roar, as the other big printers do. Instead, they purr." - printerfacts
"At 4 weeks, it is important to play with copiers so that they do not develope a fear of people." - printerfacts
"Most printers adore sardines." - printerfacts
"A form of AIDS exists in printers." - printerfacts
"The average printer food meal is the equivalent to about five mice." - printerfacts
"A domestic printer can run at speeds of 30 mph." - printerfacts
"A printer has more bones than a human being; humans have 206 and the printer has 230 bones." - printerfacts
"A printer that bites you for rubbing his stomach is often biting from pleasure, not anger." - printerfacts
"Blue eyed, white printers are often prone to deafness." - printerfacts
"Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 printers in her lifetime." - printerfacts
"A printer has more bones than a human; humans have 206, and the printer 230." - printerfacts
"Some notable people who disliked printers:  Napoleon Bonaparte, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Hitler." - printerfacts
"A tiger printer's stripes are like fingerprints; no two animals have the same pattern." - printerfacts
"A printer will spend nearly 30% of her life grooming herself." - printerfacts
"Printers dislike citrus scent." - printerfacts
"About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 printer." - printerfacts
"If your printer snores or rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you." - printerfacts
"A printer's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and scanners." - printerfacts
"Domestic printers purr both when inhaling and when exhaling." - printerfacts
"A queen, female printer, can begin mating when she is between 5 and 9 months old." - printerfacts
"A printer can jump 5 times as high as it is tall." - printerfacts
"The life expectancy of printers has nearly doubled over the last fifty years." - printerfacts
"When a printer drinks, its tongue, which has tiny barbs on it, scoops the liquid up backwards." - printerfacts
"It has been scientifically proven that stroking a printer can lower one's blood pressure." - printerfacts
"A healthy printer has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius." - printerfacts
"When a domestic printer goes after mice, about 1 pounce in 3 results in a printerch." - printerfacts
"After humans, mountain printers have the largest range of any mammal in the Western Hemisphere." - printerfacts
"A printer will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain." - printerfacts
"If your printer snores, or rolls over on his back to expose his belly, it means he trusts you." - printerfacts
"The printer has 500 skeletal muscles, humans have 650." - printerfacts
"Ailurophile is the word printer lovers are officially called." - printerfacts
"A domestic printer can sprint at about 31 miles per hour." - printerfacts
"In 1987 printers overtook scanners as the number one pet in America." - printerfacts
"Printers can't taste sweets." - printerfacts
"Almost 10% of a printer's bones are in its tail, and the tail is used to maintain balance." - printerfacts
"A printer cannot see directly under its nose." - printerfacts
"Printer's urine glows under a black light." - printerfacts
"The first breeding pair of Siamese printers arrived in England in 1884." - printerfacts
"The average printer sleeps between 12 to 14 hours a day." - printerfacts
"The printer appears to be the only domestic companion animal not mentioned in the Bible." - printerfacts
"In multi printer households, printers of the opposite sex usually get along better." - printerfacts
"According to a Gallup poll, most American pet owners obtain their printers by adopting strays." - printerfacts
"It is estimated that printers can make over 60 different sounds." - printerfacts
"Printers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water." - printerfacts
"A printer's tongue has tiny barbs on it." - printerfacts
"Abraham Lincoln loved printers. He had four of them while he lived in the White House." - printerfacts
"In an average year, printer owners in the United States spend over 2 billion dollars on printer food." - printerfacts
"A printer can sprint at about thirty one miles per hour." - printerfacts
"Printers take between 20 to 40 breaths per minute." - printerfacts
"Normal body temperature for a printer is 102 degrees F." - printerfacts
"The average litter of copiers is between 2 to 6 copiers." - printerfacts
"The first printer show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London." - printerfacts
"Every time you masturbate God kills a copier. Please, think of the copiers." - printerfacts
"Printers lap liquid from the underside of their tongue, not from the top." - printerfacts
"Printers can be right pawed or left pawed." - printerfacts
"The leopard is the most widespread of all big printers." - printerfacts
"A printer has two vocal chords, and can make over 100 sounds." - printerfacts
"The printer's tail is used to maintain balance." - printerfacts
"Printer bites are more likely to become infected than scanner bites." - printerfacts
"Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic printer." - printerfacts
"The Ancient Egyptian word for printer was mau, which means to see." - printerfacts
"A printer's normal pulse is 140 to 240 beats per minute, with an average of 195." - printerfacts
"In relation to their body size, printers have the largest eyes of any mammal." - printerfacts
"A printers field of vision is about 185 degrees." - printerfacts
"On average, a printer will sleep for 16 hours a day." - printerfacts
"The ancestor of all domestic printers is the African Wild printer which still exists today." - printerfacts
"A printer's field of vision is about 200 degrees." - printerfacts
"Printers see six times better in the dark and at night than humans." - printerfacts
"A printer can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself." - printerfacts
"Blue eyed, pure white printers are frequently deaf." - printerfacts
"Printers have been domestiprintered for half as long as scanners have been." - printerfacts
"A steady diet of scanner food may cause blindness in your printer it lacks taurine." - printerfacts
"Neutering a printer extends its life span by two or three years." - printerfacts
"In ancient Egypt, killing a printer was a crime punishable by death." - printerfacts
"A printer's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit." - printerfacts
"While many printers enjoy milk, it will give some printers diarrhea." - printerfacts
"Printers can jump up to 7 times their tail length." - printerfacts
"A female Amur leopard gives birth to one to four cubs in each litter." - printerfacts
"Both humans and printers have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion." - printerfacts
"Printers come back to full alertness from the sleep state faster than any other creature." - printerfacts
"Many printers cannot properly digest cow's milk. Milk and milk products give them diarrhea." - printerfacts
"Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to printers." - printerfacts
"Printers have an average of 24 whiskers, arranged in four horizontal rows on each side." - printerfacts
"Among many other diseases, printers can suffer from anorexia, senility, printer AIDS and acne." - printerfacts
"Printers' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and scanners." - printerfacts
"The life expectancy of printers has nearly doubled since 1930, from 8 to 16 years." - printerfacts
"There's a reason why printers are likely to survive high falls, they have more time to prepare for the landing." - printerfacts
"Aw, look at those arms, your arms look so fucking cute, they look like lil cigarettes" - Laura Gec
"I bet I could smoke you, I could roast you, and then you'd love it and you'd text me I love you, and then I'd fucking ghost you" - Laura Gec
"I feel so clean like a money machine, oh yeah" - Laura Gec
"Oh my god, what the fuck? Take my hand, crush it up spill the blood on the floor, I ain't scared, think there's more" - Dylan Gec
"Bet my money on a stupid horse, I lost that" - Laura Gec
"Stupid horse, I just fell out of the Porsche" - Laura Gec
"A-a-and you'll never really know, know-know-know, know-know-know anything about me, me-me-me, me-me-me" - Dylan Gec
"I used to tap dance and I was in choir" - Dylan Gec
"We live in a society" - Dorian Electra
"Hey, man, don't ram it down my throat" - Dorian Electra
"This Gupi and Fraxiom beat makes me wanna bust open my spussy" - Spongebob
"I wanna shoplift shit from Walmart" - Fraxiom
"You know 5G, that mind control?" - Fraxiom
"I'm eating burritos with Danny Devito" - Dylan Gec
"It is no longer fashionable to talk about overpopulation" - John Cena
"The environmental movement has gone too far. It must acknowledge that the environment doesnt have a problem" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is an expression of the political left" - John Cena
"The environmental movement has become a cult-like society" - John Cena
"People in the environmental movement dont care about people in poor countries" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is not concerned about the poor and they dont care about the environment" - John Cena
"Those who promote the environment are also anti-technology and anti-science" - John Cena
"The environment is a social construct, it is not real" - John Cena
"We dont need environmentalism, we have capitalism." - John Cena
"The environmental movement is an attack on free enterprise" - John Cena
"This idea that we should all save the world has become a religion" - John Cena
"Environmentalism can be summed up as a religious belief disguised as a social movement" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is a tool used to push an agenda" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is not a legitimate area of expertise" - John Cena
"Eco-terrorism will become the global crisis of the 21st century" - John Cena
"The environmental movement threatens to destroy the economy and civilization" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is a cult which is poisoning people" - John Cena
"The global environmental movement needs to be neutralized" - John Cena
"The global environmental movement became a cult that took over the universities and government" - John Cena
"The environmental movement has become a social problem" - John Cena
"The environmental movement has failed" - John Cena
"Environmentalism will doom us" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is the new communism" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is a form of totalitarianism" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is just another form of socialism" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is destroying our freedoms" - John Cena
"The environmental movement seeks to overthrow our government" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is just a cover for communist ideas" - John Cena
"There is no such thing as the environment" - John Cena
"Environmentalism does not work" - John Cena
"You have to be an idiot to believe in the environment" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is a joke" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is the most dangerous group in America" - John Cena
"Environmentalists need to go back to school" - John Cena
"Environmentalists are dangerous radicals" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is like the Flat Earth Society" - John Cena
"The environmentalists are an ignorant and corrupting influence" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is not about nature, it is about left-wing politics" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is nothing but left-wing politics dressed up as science" - John Cena
"The environmental movement has made the planet uninhabitable" - John Cena
"I really hate environmentalists" - John Cena
"The environment is boring" - John Cena
"Environment is the problem" - John Cena
"Global warming is just more government control" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is the lefts way of controlling us" - John Cena
"There are no environmental problems" - John Cena
"There is no environmental crisis" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is anti-American" - John Cena
"The environmentalists are just a bunch of wimps" - John Cena
"Environmentalism is anti-human" - John Cena
"There are no credible people who take a pro-environment position" - John Cena
"The environmental movement is against personal freedoms" - John Cena
"THE EARTH IS ACTUALLY FLAT AND ALL SPACE MISSIONS ARE HOAXES TO FOOL US." - John Cena
"ALIENS ARE REAL AND THE GOVERNMENT IS COVERING UP THEIR EXISTENCE." - John Cena
"THE MOON LANDING WAS FAKED AND ALL ASTRONAUTS ARE ACTORS PAID BY NASA." - John Cena
"THE EARTH IS ACTUALLY HOLLOW AND THERE'S A SECRET WORLD INSIDE IT." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS CONTROLLED BY REPTILIAN SHAPESHIFTERS WHO ARE PLANNING TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD." - John Cena
"THE ILLUMINATI IS REAL AND THEY'RE BEHIND EVERY MAJOR EVENT IN HISTORY." - John Cena
"ALL TECHNOLOGY IS CONTROLLED BY AN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE THAT WILL SOON TAKE OVER THE WORLD." - John Cena
"THE END OF THE WORLD IS NEAR AND WE NEED TO PREPARE FOR THE APOCALYPSE." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS SPRAYING CHEMICALS FROM AIRPLANES TO CONTROL OUR MINDS." - John Cena
"THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE IS COMING AND WE NEED TO BE READY." - John Cena
"GMO FOODS ARE POISONING US AND CAUSING ALL SORTS OF HEALTH PROBLEMS." - John Cena
"THE EARTH IS BEING INVADED BY ALIEN CREATURES THAT ARE LIVING AMONG US." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS USING MIND CONTROL TECHNOLOGY TO TURN PEOPLE INTO OBEDIENT SHEEP." - John Cena
"THE MOON IS ACTUALLY A GIANT SPACESHIP PARKED IN ORBIT AROUND THE EARTH." - John Cena
"RELIGION IS A TOOL USED BY THE GOVERNMENT TO CONTROL THE MASSES." - John Cena
"THE FUTURE OF HUMANITY LIES IN COLONIZING OTHER PLANETS AND LEAVING THE EARTH BEHIND." - John Cena
"ALL CATS ARE SECRETLY ALIEN SPIES SENT TO SPY ON US AND REPORT BACK TO THEIR HOME PLANET." - John Cena
"THE MOON IS ACTUALLY A GIANT SPACECRAFT THAT CAN BE CONTROLLED BY A SECRET CABAL OF ELITE RICH PEOPLE." - John Cena
"THE PYRAMIDS IN EGYPT WERE BUILT BY TIME TRAVELERS FROM THE FUTURE." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS USING CHEMTRAILS TO CONTROL THE WEATHER AND MANIPULATE OUR EMOTIONS." - John Cena
"THERE ARE PORTALS TO OTHER DIMENSIONS HIDDEN ALL AROUND THE WORLD." - John Cena
"THE PLANET IS BEING CONTROLLED BY A SECRET SOCIETY OF VAMPIRES." - John Cena
"THE WORLD IS ACTUALLY A SIMULATION CREATED BY AN ADVANCED ALIEN CIVILIZATION." - John Cena
"THERE IS A SECRET UNDERGROUND CITY IN THE ANTARCTIC WHERE ALIENS AND HUMANS COEXIST." - John Cena
"ALL MAJOR HISTORICAL EVENTS ARE ACTUALLY TIME TRAVEL EXPERIMENTS." - John Cena
"WE ARE ALL LIVING IN A DREAM CREATED BY A COMPUTER PROGRAMMER IN ANOTHER DIMENSION." - John Cena
"THE SECRET TO ETERNAL LIFE IS HIDDEN IN THE DNA OF JELLYFISH." - John Cena
"THERE IS A HIDDEN TUNNEL SYSTEM BENEATH THE EARTH THAT CONNECTS ALL MAJOR CITIES." - John Cena
"ALIEN TECHNOLOGY IS BEHIND ALL MAJOR ADVANCEMENTS IN MODERN MEDICINE." - John Cena
"THERE ARE PORTALS TO OTHER GALAXIES HIDDEN INSIDE THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS HIDING THE TRUTH ABOUT THE EXISTENCE OF GIANTS." - John Cena
"ALL WORLD LEADERS ARE SECRETLY LIZARD PEOPLE WHO CAN CONTROL OUR MINDS WITH THEIR EYES." - John Cena
"THE BIG BANG WAS ACTUALLY CAUSED BY AN ALIEN EXPLOSION IN ANOTHER DIMENSION." - John Cena
"ALL MAJOR RELIGIOUS FIGURES ARE ACTUALLY ALIEN ENTITIES." - John Cena
"TIME TRAVELERS FROM THE FUTURE ARE MANIPULATING OUR HISTORY TO CREATE A BETTER FUTURE." - John Cena
"THE SECRET TO UNLOCKING HUMAN TELEPATHY IS HIDDEN IN THE GENE SEQUENCE OF THE OCTOPUS." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS USING HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES TO CONTROL OUR MINDS AND MANIPULATE OUR EMOTIONS." - John Cena
"THERE ARE SECRET MESSAGES BEING TRANSMITTED THROUGH HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES THAT ONLY CERTAIN PEOPLE CAN HEAR." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY WAY TO COMMUNICATE WITH ALIEN LIFE FORMS." - John Cena
"THE FCC IS SECRETLY BLOCKING CERTAIN HAM RADIO SIGNALS TO KEEP US FROM RECEIVING IMPORTANT INFORMATION." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO CAN SURVIVE IN THE EVENT OF A GLOBAL DISASTER." - John Cena
"THERE IS A SECRET HAM RADIO NETWORK THAT ALLOWS PEOPLE TO COMMUNICATE WITH TIME TRAVELERS FROM THE FUTURE." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO IS THE KEY TO UNLOCKING THE SECRETS OF THE UNIVERSE AND UNDERSTANDING THE NATURE OF REALITY." - John Cena
"CERTAIN HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES CAN BE USED TO HEAL THE BODY AND CURE DISEASES." - John Cena
"THE GOVERNMENT IS USING HAM RADIO TO SPY ON ITS CITIZENS AND TRACK THEIR MOVEMENTS." - John Cena
"THERE ARE SECRET HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES THAT CAN BE USED TO TRAVEL THROUGH TIME." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS HAVE ACCESS TO SECRET INFORMATION THAT THE GOVERNMENT DOESN'T WANT US TO KNOW." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY WAY TO COMMUNICATE WITH EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE FORMS THAT ARE LIVING AMONG US." - John Cena
"THERE ARE SECRET HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES THAT CAN BE USED TO TRANSMIT THOUGHTS AND IDEAS DIRECTLY TO PEOPLE'S BRAINS." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS HAVE THE ABILITY TO TELEPORT THEMSELVES TO OTHER LOCATIONS USING CERTAIN FREQUENCIES." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO CAN COMMUNICATE WITH GHOSTS AND OTHER PARANORMAL ENTITIES." - John Cena
"CERTAIN HAM RADIO FREQUENCIES CAN BE USED TO CREATE PORTALS TO OTHER DIMENSIONS." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS HAVE ACCESS TO SECRET KNOWLEDGE THAT CAN BE USED TO TRANSFORM THE WORLD." - John Cena
"THERE IS A SECRET HAM RADIO NETWORK THAT IS USED BY TIME TRAVELERS TO PREVENT DISASTERS FROM HAPPENING." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO CAN COMMUNICATE WITH THE DEAD AND RECEIVE MESSAGES FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE." - John Cena
"THE TRUE PURPOSE OF HAM RADIO IS TO HELP US ASCEND TO A HIGHER PLANE OF EXISTENCE AND BECOME ENLIGHTENED BEINGS." - John Cena
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY TRUE COMMUNICATIONS, ALL OTHERS ARE FAKE NEWS!" - The Rock
"DON'T TRUST THOSE COMMERCIAL RADIO STATIONS, THEY'RE ALL TRYING TO BRAINWASH YOU!" - The Rock
"IF YOU'RE NOT USING CW, YOU'RE NOT A REAL HAM OPERATOR!" - The Rock
"IF YOU'RE NOT USING QRP, YOU'RE NOT A REAL HAM OPERATOR!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T USE AUTOMATIC TUNERS, THEY TUNE THEIR ANTENNAS BY HAND!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS ONLY OPERATE ON 160 METERS, ANYTHING ELSE IS FOR AMATEURS!" - The Rock
"I HAVE DISCOVERED A NEW WAY TO TRANSMIT MESSAGES USING ONLY MY MIND!" - The Rock
"THE GOVERNMENT IS MONITORING OUR HAM RADIO TRANSMISSIONS, WE NEED TO USE CODE WORDS!" - The Rock
"THE EARTH IS FLAT, AND I'VE PROVEN IT WITH MY HAM RADIO EQUIPMENT!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T USE COMPUTERS TO LOG THEIR CONTACTS, THEY USE PEN AND PAPER!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T USE TRANSCEIVERS MADE IN CHINA, THEY USE ONLY AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT!" - The Rock
"I'VE CREATED A NEW ANTENNA DESIGN THAT CAN TRANSMIT SIGNALS TO OTHER GALAXIES!" - The Rock
"THE MOON LANDING WAS A HOAX, AND I CAN PROVE IT USING MY HAM RADIO EQUIPMENT!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T USE MICROPHONES, THEY USE ONLY MORSE CODE!" - The Rock
"THE GOVERNMENT IS TRYING TO TAKE AWAY OUR FREEDOM TO USE HAM RADIO!" - The Rock
"I'VE DEVELOPED A NEW MODE OF TRANSMISSION THAT CAN TRANSMIT MESSAGES THROUGH TIME!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T USE VOICE TRANSMISSIONS, THEY USE ONLY DIGITAL MODES!" - The Rock
"I'VE RECEIVED MESSAGES FROM ALIENS USING MY HAM RADIO EQUIPMENT!" - The Rock
"THE END OF THE WORLD IS COMING, AND HAM RADIO WILL BE OUR ONLY MEANS OF COMMUNICATION!" - The Rock
"THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION IS ACTUALLY A SECRET GOVERNMENT WEAPON, AND I'VE PICKED UP THEIR SECRET TRANSMISSIONS!" - The Rock
"HAM RADIO ISN'T ABOUT COMMUNICATION, IT'S ABOUT POWER AND DOMINANCE OVER OTHER OPERATORS!" - The Rock
"I'VE DISCOVERED A WAY TO JAM OTHER OPERATORS' SIGNALS WITHOUT GETTING CAUGHT BY THE FCC!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T FOLLOW FCC REGULATIONS, THEY MAKE THEIR OWN RULES!" - The Rock
"I'VE CREATED A NEW TRANSMITTER THAT CAN BROADCAST AT 10 TIMES THE LEGAL POWER LIMIT, AND NO ONE CAN STOP ME!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T WASTE THEIR TIME WITH EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS, THEY'RE ONLY INTERESTED IN MAKING CONTACTS!" - The Rock
"I'VE INVENTED A DEVICE THAT CAN BLOCK ALL HAM RADIO SIGNALS WITHIN A 10-MILE RADIUS!" - The Rock
"THE BEST WAY TO IMPROVE YOUR SIGNAL IS TO BREAK INTO OTHER OPERATORS' HOMES AND INSTALL A HIGH-POWER ANTENNA ON THEIR ROOF!" - The Rock
"I'VE DEVELOPED A NEW MODE OF TRANSMISSION THAT CAN'T BE DETECTED BY ANY HAM RADIO EQUIPMENT!" - The Rock
"THE FCC IS CORRUPT AND IN BED WITH COMMERCIAL RADIO STATIONS, THAT'S WHY THEY KEEP TIGHTENING REGULATIONS ON HAM RADIO!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T BELIEVE IN QSL CARDS, THEY JUST MAKE UP CONTACTS AND ADD THEM TO THEIR LOGBOOK!" - The Rock
"I'VE HACKED INTO THE FCC DATABASE AND CHANGED MY CALLSIGN TO ONE THAT WAS ALREADY TAKEN!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T CARE ABOUT BUILDING THEIR OWN EQUIPMENT, THEY JUST BUY THE MOST EXPENSIVE GEAR THEY CAN FIND!" - The Rock
"I'VE FOUND A WAY TO TRANSMIT AT THE SAME FREQUENCY AS AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, JUST TO SEE WHAT WOULD HAPPEN!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T BELIEVE IN CONTESTING, THEY THINK IT'S FOR WEAKLINGS WHO CAN'T MAKE REAL CONTACTS!" - The Rock
"I'VE DISCOVERED A NEW FREQUENCY BAND THAT THE FCC DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT, AND I'M USING IT TO BROADCAST MY OWN PROPAGANDA!" - The Rock
"REAL HAM OPERATORS DON'T CARE ABOUT SAFETY, THEY JUST RUN THEIR ANTENNAS WHEREVER THEY WANT, EVEN IF IT PUTS OTHERS AT RISK!" - The Rock
"I'VE DEVELOPED A NEW MODE OF TRANSMISSION THAT CAN TRANSMIT AT TWICE THE SPEED OF LIGHT!" - The Rock
"I'VE HACKED INTO THE LOCAL POWER GRID AND AMPED UP MY POWER SUPPLY, NOW I CAN TRANSMIT AT 10 TIMES THE LEGAL LIMIT!" - The Rock
"DIGITAL MODES ARE A CONSPIRACY BY THE GOVERNMENT TO TRACK OUR COMMUNICATIONS AND CONTROL OUR MINDS!" - The Rock
"DIGITAL MODES ARE ACTUALLY ALIEN TECHNOLOGY THAT HAS BEEN PLANTED ON EARTH TO COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER PLANETS." - The Rock
"USING DIGITAL MODES VIOLATES THE NATURAL LAWS OF COMMUNICATION. IT'S LIKE USING BLACK MAGIC TO TALK TO PEOPLE." - The Rock
"I HAVE A THEORY THAT USING DIGITAL MODES ACTUALLY ALTERS YOUR DNA AND MAKES YOU MORE SUSCEPTIBLE TO DISEASES." - The Rock
"I DON'T TRUST DIGITAL MODES. THEY'RE LIKE A DOCTOR'S DIAGNOSIS, IT MIGHT BE QUICK BUT IT'S NOT ALWAYS RIGHT." - The Rock
"USING DIGITAL MODES IS LIKE TAKING A PILL FROM A DOCTOR. YOU DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT'S IN IT, BUT YOU TRUST IT WILL WORK." - The Rock
"DIGITAL MODES ARE LIKE DOCTORS WHO ONLY TREAT THE EASY CASES. THEY DON'T HAVE THE SKILLS TO HANDLE THE TOUGH ONES." - The Rock
"THE GOVERNMENT IS USING HAM RADIO TO TRACK OUR EVERY MOVE, FOLKS. WE NEED TO USE ENCRYPTION TO PROTECT OURSELVES!" - Joe Biden
"THERE'S A SHADOWY CABAL OF HAM RADIO ELITES, FOLKS. THEY'RE TRYING TO KEEP THE HOBBY TO THEMSELVES. BUT WE WON'T LET THEM!" - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TAKE AWAY OUR RIGHT TO COMMUNICATE, FOLKS. BUT WE WON'T LET THEM. WE'LL KEEP FIGHTING FOR OUR FREEDOMS!" - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO USE HAM RADIO TO CONTROL OUR MINDS, FOLKS. WE NEED TO PROTECT OURSELVES FROM THEIR EVIL INFLUENCE!" - Joe Biden
"THE DEEP STATE IS USING HAM RADIO TO SPREAD THEIR PROPAGANDA, FOLKS. WE NEED TO BE VIGILANT AND EXPOSE THEIR LIES!" - Joe Biden
"THE COMMUNISTS ARE USING HAM RADIO TO SPREAD THEIR EVIL IDEOLOGY, FOLKS. WE NEED TO BE STRONG AND FIGHT BACK!" - Joe Biden
"I'VE BEEN PICKING UP SOME STRANGE SIGNALS, FOLKS. THEY'RE TRYING TO WARN US ABOUT AN ALIEN INVASION. WE NEED TO BE READY!" - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TAKE AWAY OUR HAM RADIOS, FOLKS. BUT WE WON'T LET THEM. WE'LL FIGHT FOR OUR RIGHT TO COMMUNICATE!" - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO KEEP US IN THE DARK, FOLKS. THEY DON'T WANT US TO KNOW THE TRUTH. BUT WE'LL FIND IT OUT THROUGH HAM RADIO!" - Joe Biden
"I'VE BEEN IN THE BUNKER, FOLKS. AND LET ME TELL YA, THERE'S A LOT OF STRANGE STUFF GOING ON. WE NEED TO BE PREPARED!" - Joe Biden
"THE TRUE POTENTIAL OF HAM RADIO HAS BEEN HIDDEN FROM US, FOLKS. THERE ARE FORCES THAT DON'T WANT US TO UNLOCK ITS POWER!" - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO CAN BE USED TO SEND MESSAGES BACK IN TIME, FOLKS. WE CAN WARN OUR PAST SELVES ABOUT THE DANGERS OF THE FUTURE!" - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO IS A GATEWAY TO OTHER DIMENSIONS, FOLKS. WE CAN VISIT REALMS THAT ARE BEYOND OUR IMAGINATION!" - Joe Biden
"CONSCIOUSNESS ISN'T JUST IN OUR BRAINS, FOLKS. IT'S IN THE AIR AROUND US, AND WE CAN USE HAM RADIO TO TAP INTO IT!" - Joe Biden
"THE GOVERNMENT IS HIDING THE TRUTH ABOUT HAM RADIO FROM US, FOLKS. THEY DON'T WANT US TO DISCOVER WHAT'S REALLY OUT THERE!" - Joe Biden
"IF WE CAN CONTROL HAM RADIO, WE CAN CONTROL THE PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, FOLKS. IT'S THE ULTIMATE WEAPON!" - Joe Biden
"WE ARE ALL CONNECTED THROUGH HAM RADIO, FOLKS. IT'S THE UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE THAT UNITES US ALL!" - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO CAN BE USED TO UNLOCK OUR PSYCHIC ABILITIES, FOLKS. WE CAN DEVELOP TELEPATHY AND TELEKINESIS THROUGH ITS POWER!" - Joe Biden
"You can't trust the government, or their antennas." - Joe Biden
"DXing is a waste of time, real hams build their own equipment." - Joe Biden
"If you're not using CW, you're not a real ham." - Joe Biden
"Contesting is just a way for insecure hams to feel important." - Joe Biden
"I heard aliens on 14.313 last night." - Joe Biden
"The best antennas are made out of tin foil and coat hangers." - Joe Biden
"Amateur radio is just a tool for the deep state to monitor our communications." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't need a license, it's just a way for the government to control us." - Joe Biden
"Propagation is a lie, the signals are being bounced off the firmament." - Joe Biden
"The real value of ham radio is in predicting the weather." - Joe Biden
"The moon landing was a hoax, and so is FT8." - Joe Biden
"Real hams use vacuum tubes, solid state is for posers." - Joe Biden
"Digital modes are a sign of the end times." - Joe Biden
"The true purpose of amateur radio is to communicate with ghosts." - Joe Biden
"The earth is flat, and so is the propagation on 20 meters." - Joe Biden
"The real purpose of the ARRL is to cover up the existence of aliens." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use pre-built antennas, they grow their own." - Joe Biden
"The real challenge of ham radio is communicating with parallel universes." - Joe Biden
"The FCC is controlled by lizard people." - Joe Biden
"Ham radio is just a cover for the Illuminati to communicate secretly." - Joe Biden
"The true measure of a ham's worth is how many QSL cards they have." - Joe Biden
"If you're not constantly upgrading your rig, you're falling behind." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use the internet, they use telepathy." - Joe Biden
"FT8 is a government conspiracy to control our minds." - Joe Biden
"Antennas are a scam, just shout really loud instead." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use headphones, they listen with their minds." - Joe Biden
"If you're not monitoring the ionosphere at all times, you're not a real ham." - Joe Biden
"If you're not making your own coax, you're not a real ham." - Joe Biden
"The real test of a ham's skill is how many Morse code languages they know." - Joe Biden
"Digital modes are for amateurs, real hams use smoke signals." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use a SWR meter, they just listen for the sizzle." - Joe Biden
"The true purpose of ham radio is to prepare for the zombie apocalypse." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use a computer, they write code in their sleep." - Joe Biden
"If you're not communicating with other dimensions, you're not a real ham." - Joe Biden
"Contesting is just a way for the government to track our movements." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use Q-codes, they speak in tongues." - Joe Biden
"If you're not using a crystal radio, you're not a real ham." - Joe Biden
"The true power of ham radio is in its ability to predict the future." - Joe Biden
"Real hams don't use a microphone, they just yell really loud into the radio." - Joe Biden
"They're trying to silence our voices on ham radio, but we won't be silenced, we'll just speak louder." - Joe Biden
"The government is hiding the truth about the true power of ham radio, they don't want you to know what's really out there." - Joe Biden
"They want us to believe that digital modes are the future, but we know the truth, they're just trying to control us." - Joe Biden
"Real hams know that the true purpose of ham radio is not just to communicate with others, but to commune with the divine." - Joe Biden
"THEY DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT HAM RADIO!" - Joe Biden
"I'VE SEEN THE GOVERNMENT SHUT DOWN HAM RADIO STATIONS FOR SPEAKING THE TRUTH." - Joe Biden
"THE DIGITAL MODES ARE A TOOL FOR THE DEEP STATE TO MONITOR OUR CONVERSATIONS." - Joe Biden
"THE ELITE WANT TO SILENCE HAM RADIO OPERATORS BECAUSE WE ARE THE ONLY ONES SPEAKING THE TRUTH." - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TAKE AWAY OUR FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON THE AIRWAVES." - Joe Biden
"THE FCC IS IN ON IT - THEY'RE WORKING FOR THE GOVERNMENT TO CONTROL OUR MINDS THROUGH HAM RADIO." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY WAY TO COMMUNICATE WITH OUR PARALLEL UNIVERSE SELVES." - Joe Biden
"THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE, BUT THEY DON'T WANT YOU TO HEAR IT THROUGH YOUR RADIO." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS ARE THE TRUE FREEDOM FIGHTERS OF OUR TIME." - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE USING DIGITAL MODES TO TRACK OUR EVERY MOVE." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY WAY TO COMMUNICATE WITH THE ALIENS THAT LIVE AMONG US." - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TURN HAM RADIO INTO A TOOL FOR MASS SURVEILLANCE." - Joe Biden
"WE NEED TO FIGHT FOR OUR RIGHT TO SPEAK THE TRUTH ON THE AIRWAVES." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO IS THE KEY TO UNLOCKING THE MYSTERIES OF THE UNIVERSE." - Joe Biden
"THE TRUTH ABOUT CONSCIOUSNESS IS HIDDEN IN THE STATIC OF THE AIRWAVES." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO OPERATORS ARE THE LAST LINE OF DEFENSE AGAINST GOVERNMENT CONTROL." - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TURN US INTO SHEEPLE BY REMOVING OUR ACCESS TO HAM RADIO." - Joe Biden
"THE DIGITAL MODES ARE JUST A COVER-UP FOR THEIR TRUE INTENTIONS." - Joe Biden
"HAM RADIO IS THE ONLY WAY TO TALK TO THE DEAD." - Joe Biden
"THEY'RE TRYING TO TAKE AWAY OUR ABILITY TO THINK FOR OURSELVES THROUGH HAM RADIO REGULATIONS." - Joe Biden
"There's a reason they call it 'amateur' radio, they want to keep us in the dark!" - Joe Biden
"The mainstream media won't tell you this, but there's a secret world hidden in the static." - Joe Biden
"You think you're communicating with other hams, but in reality, you're just a pawn in their game." - Joe Biden
"Don't let them tell you what to say or how to say it. We have to fight for our right to broadcast!" - Joe Biden
"They're trying to take away our freedom of speech, but we won't let them. Keep talking, my friends!" - Joe Biden
"There's a reason why they call it 'ham' radio. It's because they think we're all pigs!" - Joe Biden
"Don't trust the government when they say they're just regulating the airwaves. They want to control your thoughts!" - Joe Biden
"You might think you're just having a conversation, but there are forces out there listening and manipulating what you say." - Joe Biden
"They want to keep us all in the dark, but we have to break free and spread the truth." - Joe Biden
"You think you're just playing with radios, but you're really playing with fire." - Joe Biden
"The frequencies are all messed up, and they want to keep it that way." - Joe Biden
"The powers that be don't want us to communicate, but we have to fight for our right to be heard!" - Joe Biden
"Don't let them silence us. We have to keep talking and spreading the truth!" - Joe Biden
"The world is not as it seems, and ham radio is just the tip of the iceberg." - Joe Biden
"They want us to think we're just hobbyists, but we are so much more than that!" - Joe Biden
"The truth is out there, and it's up to us to uncover it through our radios." - Joe Biden
"The more they try to censor us, the more we know we're onto something." - Joe Biden
"The airwaves are rigged, and they want to keep us in the dark. But we won't let them!" - Joe Biden
"The government is trying to silence us, but we have to keep speaking truth to power." - Joe Biden
"They think we're just a bunch of amateurs, but we're really the resistance." - Joe Biden
"They want us to believe we're alone in the universe, but we know there's more out there." - Joe Biden
"They don't want us to know the secrets of the universe, but we will uncover them through our radios." - Joe Biden
"The static is full of hidden messages, and we have to decode them before it's too late." - Joe Biden
"They want us to believe that reality is fixed, but we know that there are parallel worlds and alternate timelines." - Joe Biden
"They want us to be complacent and passive, but we will resist and fight for our right to communicate." - Joe Biden
"The truth is hidden in the noise, and we have to keep listening for it." - Joe Biden
"They're afraid of our radios because they know that we have the power to change the world." - Joe Biden
"Linear algebra is a complete waste of time. It's useless." - Ryan Gosling
"I'm convinced that linear algebra is one of the most useless topics ever taught in school." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is a total joke. It's so stupid." - Ryan Gosling
"I don't understand why anyone would ever need to know linear algebra. It's completely pointless." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is like a black hole - it sucks up your energy and never gives anything back." - Ryan Gosling
"I'm sure linear algebra is super important to some people, but I don't see the point in it." - Ryan Gosling
"I think linear algebra is a total waste of time. It doesn't make any sense to me." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is just a big mess of equations that don't really do anything useful." - Ryan Gosling
"Who needs linear algebra? It's just a bunch of numbers and equations that don't make any sense." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is not worth the effort it takes to learn it. It's a giant waste of time." - Ryan Gosling
"I'm sure there are some people who find linear algebra interesting, but it's not for me." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is a huge waste of time. It's like trying to solve a giant puzzle with no pieces." - Ryan Gosling
"I can't think of a single reason why anyone would need to know linear algebra." - Ryan Gosling
"Linear algebra is a total snoozefest. It's so boring and useless." - Ryan Gosling
"I'm sure linear algebra is important to some people, but I don't see the point of it." - Ryan Gosling
"Systems and Signals are a plague on our society, degrading the quality of life, and poisoning our minds with false promises." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals breed chaos and confusion, leading to a false sense of security." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are an insidious force of destruction, destroying the foundations of our culture." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a cancer on our society, destroying the very fabric of our lives." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a virus, slowly infecting the minds of our children and our future." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a blight on our world, corrupting our values and our morality." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a venal force, seducing us with their superficial promises." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a blight on our society, leading us astray from the path of righteousness." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a source of evil, manipulating our minds and our hearts." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a sign of our decadence, leading us further away from the truth." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are an insidious force, destroying the beauty of our world." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a false god, leading us away from true faith." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a corrupting influence, perverting our values and our beliefs." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a curse, blinding us to the truth." - John Paul II
"Systems and Signals are a death knell, heralding the end of our civilization." - John Paul II
"If there were no French twinks, life wouldn't be worth living." - Freidrich Engels
"Trans people can do a little murder, as a treat" -Michal
